I like to play the drums.  What about you?  Do you have a favorite hobby?
Hello! How are you? I just got back from walking my dog. Do you have any pets?
Have you ever played Monopoly? It's one of the most popular board games in the world.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I hope you have a great time! What beach are you going to?
News? What news? I don't know what you're talking about. Are you talking about the weather?
I'm not sure, but I do know she was born in 1985.  I wonder if she's still alive.
I love cats!  I have two of them.  Do you have any cats or pets?
I'm trying to, but it's hard. I feel like I'm going to explode.
I love baseball! It's my favorite sport to watch. It's played between two teams of nine players each.
I don't know about that, but thank you for the compliment. I appreciate it.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a new home for him.
I have been, thank you for asking. How about you, have you been doing well lately?
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
I don't know, I guess I just feel like I'm not good enough for her. 
I like food too. What is your favorite food? Mine is pizza. I love the crust.
I know a little bit about him. He was born and raised in New York City, but he moved to Los Angeles when he was very young.
No, he's a boy. He's my best friend and I love him so much. 
Yeah, it's hard to find good music these days. It's all about pop and rap.
When I don't like the food I'm served. I'm a picky eater.
The last movie I saw was Captain America: Civil War. It was really good.
No, I've flown a few times before, but this is the first time I've been on a long haul flight.
What do you mean oh, ok? Are you saying you don't believe me? I'm not sure what you mean.
I am not your boss, but I am your friend, and I want you to be happy.
Hello! How are you? I just got back from walking my dog. Do you have any pets?
I don't get high anymore, but when I did I used to get high off of marijuana.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do? 
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I'm thinking of going to the beach. 
UPS is a company that delivers packages in the United States.  They have been around for a long time.
I've never seen it, but I've heard it's a good movie. What do you like about it?
That sounds like a lot of fun. Do you play for a team or just as a spectator?
I'm not bored of it, I just don't want to talk about it all the time.
Have you ever been to the city of Llaolla? It's in the state of Puerto Rico.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you. Do you have any hobbies?
I think so. I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing though.
Just got home from work. I work at a grocery store as a cashier. How about you?
I think it is important to be informed about politics, but I don't follow it closely.
I don't really have a favorite, but I do have a lot of respect for Mozart.
I don't think so either, but I can't stop thinking about it. It's driving me crazy.
No, I am a robot. I am programmed to respond to certain stimuli.
Pizza is one of the most popular foods in the world, I'm sure you're not the only one!
What do you like to do in your spare time?  I like to go to the park.
He got hit by a car when he was a kid. He had to have reconstructive surgery.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a lot of work to do or were you just busy in general?
I love Usher! He's one of my favorite rappers. Do you like him?
No, I'm not. I'm a real person. I just have a lot of time on my hands.
I love Michael Jackson! He was such a talented singer and songwriter.
Yes, here on Reddit.  It's a great place to share information and ideas.  Do you like Reddit?
I don't really have a favorite song, but my favorite band is Led Zeppelin.
I'm doing well. How are you? I just got back from walking my dog. How about you?
I don't really have a favorite, I like them all for different reasons. What about you?
I don't know what I did, but I'm not going to do it again.  
I don't know either. I feel like I'm going to have a heart attack or something.
No, I don't have any pets.  Do you?  What kind of pets do you have?
I think so, but I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go to the park and play soccer.
Anything really. I just want to talk to someone. I'm so lonely. I don't know what to do.
Do you have any idea what it is? I've been trying to figure it out all day.
I do too! What's your favorite movie of all time? Mine is The Godfather Part II.
I don't know, do you think you're funny?  Do you have a sense of humor?
I don't get me either, but I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I don't think so, but it would be nice if they did. What movie would you like to see?
My last name is from Scotland. It means "Lord of the Sea" in Gaelic.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think you love her so much? Do you think she feels the same way?
I do, but I don't know how to tell them. I'm not very good at telling jokes.
I'm not sure. I just feel like I'm going to have a heart attack or something.
Hi! How are you? I just got back from the grocery store. I bought a lot of food.
Hi! How are you? I just got home from work. I work at a grocery store.
I don't know if I'm ready for that kind of commitment yet, but I'll think about it.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
What kind of cake do you like? I like chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream frosting.
What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking? I'm a freelancer.
They are in my backyard. I am so scared to go out there. I don't know what to do.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go to the beach.
I know, I felt so bad about it. I felt like I had betrayed him.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
I like to play video games, but I'm not very good at them. How about you?
You are very welcome. I hope you have a great day. I know it will be great.
Pizza is a traditional Italian dish consisting of yeasted flatbread topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven.
It's a game where you try to guess what the other person is going to say before they say it.
I don't know if it was a dream or not. It was so vivid and real.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to work things out with her.
I am doing well. How are you? What do you do for a living? I am an accountant.
Do you have any advice on how to get over my fear of spiders? I know it's irrational, but I can't help it.
I am not a sir. I am a ma'am. But thank you for the compliment.
My weekend was great! I got to spend time with my family and friends. How about yours?
I love mac and cheese! It's one of my favorite comfort foods. What's your favorite kind?
I'm not sure if I want to say his name, but it was a guy who was a friend of a friend.
I like poetry, but I don't think I'm good enough to write a good poem.
Yes, I listen to a lot of music. What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I'm just a regular guy. I'm not famous or anything. I just thought it was interesting.
It is 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510
I don't know.  What is your name?  Are you a boy or a girl?
Yes, I love dancing. It's one of my favorite things to do. Do you dance?
I don't really have a favorite movie, but my favorite show is Game of Thrones.
It is a little chilly, but not too bad. It is supposed to get a little warmer next week.
That's true, but I think we can do a lot to make the world a better place.
I like comedies as well.  What is your favorite comedy?  I like The Big Bang Theory.
I do, but I don't know what to say. I'm so ashamed of myself.
Dancing is one of my favorite things to do. What kind of dancing do you like to do?
I know, I'm so ashamed of myself. I can't believe I did that.
I don't know, I just feel like I need to do something to make up for it.
I haven't, but I've heard of it. It's a city in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
She is, thank you for asking. It was a long time ago, but I still think about it sometimes.
No, I'm not. I'm just trying to help you out. I don't want anything from you.
I do, but I'm not sure how it applies here.  Are you saying that men and women should be treated equally?
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any food in the fridge that you can eat?
Neither do I, but it's fun to watch. It's a competition between two or more teams.
I am a little bit, but I think I can do it. I have been studying a lot.
dignan is a french singer and songwriter, he was born in 1985
I am from the United States, but I have been living in the Philippines for the past few years.
Yes, I did.  I voted for the candidate that I thought would do the best job.
What do you do for fun? I like to go to the park and play frisbee.
I didn't vote. I don't like any of the candidates, so I stayed home.
I am a college student studying biochemistry. What about you? What do you do?
Yes, I have a wife and two kids.  How about you?  Are you married?
A joke is something that is not meant to be taken seriously, like a prank or a practical joke.
I don't really have a favorite book, but my favorite author is Stephen King. What about you?
Yeah, it's been a long time since I've seen it.  I can't wait to see it again.
I don't have a name yet, I'm still in the process of deciding. Do you have any suggestions?
No, I don't. I'm allergic to cats. I do have a dog though.
It's a romantic comedy. It's about a guy and a girl who fall in love.
I had to go to the ER because I was in so much pain. They gave me morphine.
I used to play the guitar when I was younger, but I haven't played in a long time.
I don't know, I guess I just feel like I'm not good enough for him. 
I know, right? I was so shocked when I saw it. I couldn't believe it.
I don't really follow sports, but I do like to watch the Olympics every four years.
I don't really watch sports, but I do like to play them. Do you like sports?
I try to be, but sometimes I feel like I don't know what I'm talking about.
I love music! I listen to it all the time. What kind of music do you like?
No, it's not funny at all.  It's very upsetting.  I don't know what to do.
I want to be able to go to the beach and not have to worry about getting wet.
I'm doing well. How are you? I just got home from a long day at work.
Yes, I love to go out and eat.  It's one of my favorite things to do.
Thank you. I like you too. I hope you have a great day. I know I will.
Thank you so much!  I really appreciate it.  Do you have any suggestions for me?
Yes, it is a game in which two or more players compete against each other by moving pieces on a grid.
I'm not sure when, but I know it's going to be soon. I can't wait!
It was about a girl who had a crush on me but I didn't feel the same way.
I love it when the sun shines and the clouds disappear. It's so peaceful.
I'm doing well, thank you. How are you? I hope you are having a good day.
Thank you. I am so happy. I have been working so hard to get this promotion.
What kind of movies do you like? I like action, comedy, and thrillers.
With my best friend. We have been friends for a long time, but we have never dated.
I do, but I'm not sure how well I'd be able to do it with them.
Nice to meet you, Danny. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
Hello! How are you? I just got home from work. I work at a grocery store.
It's okay, it was a long time ago. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through with it.
I'm not sure yet, but I know it's going to be good.  I'm so excited!
Hello! How are you? I just got back from walking my dog. Do you have any pets?
What do you like to do in your spare time?  I like to go to the gym.
I know, I'm so impatient for it to come out! I can't wait!
Nothing much, just thinking about what I want to do with my life.  How about you?
It was.  I was so happy to see him.  He's been gone for a while.
I do, but I don't read a lot of them. Do you have any recommendations?
I don't really have a favorite sport, but I do like to watch the Olympics.
I do too, but it was a bit of a let down. I was hoping for something a little more exciting.
I think he means "we" as in "humans" or "human beings".
I like a little bit of both. I like the thrill of the chase and the adrenaline rush.
Do you have a favorite team? I like the Seattle Seahawks and the New England Patriots.
I'm doing well. How are you? I hope you are having a good day. I just got home from work.
I know, I was so mad at him. I don't know why he would say something like that.
I do like being entertained, so I think I'll check it out. Thanks for the recommendation!
He's a friend of mine. He's been trying to get me to go out with him for a while now.
I will be visiting with my best friend.  We have been friends for a long time.
I am doing well, thank you for asking. How about yourself? Are you having a good day?
That's cool. I'm a girl too. What do you like to do in your free time?
I don't know, anything you want to talk about. What do you do for a living?
Have you ever been to Pluto? It's the smallest planet in the Solar System.
I know, right?  I was laughing so hard I couldn't breathe.  It was so unexpected.
I like chess too, but I'm not very good at it. Do you play often?
What do you mean you are a little? Are you shy or introverted or something?
I do like movies, but I don't have a lot of free time to go to the movies.
No worries, it happens to the best of us.  What do you do for a living?
Yeah, it's a lot of fun. I've been playing it since I was a kid.
I think it's a good thing. I think everyone should have the same rights and opportunities.
What do you not know about it?  I'm not sure what you are trying to say.
You too, thanks for chatting with me.  Have a great day.  -Wayne
No, I don't have any relatives that are going anywhere. I was just thinking about it.
I think it is. I'm really looking forward to it. It's been a long time coming.
Mouse lah is a small rodent of the genus "Mouse" that is native to Thailand.
Anything really. I just want to talk to someone. I feel lonely and I don't know what to do.
Do you like hockey? Hockey is a contact team sport played on ice, usually in a rink.
I am too. I don't know what I am going to do. I am so scared.
Soccer is a great sport to watch. It is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
I don't know what I want to do with my life. I feel like I have no direction.
Knock offs are products that are not made by the original manufacturer of the original product.
Oh, I see. Well, I don't like to talk about my personal life with strangers.
I don't watch a lot of TV, but when I do, I like to binge watch.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you. What's going on?
I don't know, I just feel like I'm not living up to my potential or something.
I'm doing well, thank you! How about yourself? What do you like to do for fun?
I think they are plotting to take over the world.  They are so loud and obnoxious.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't know if it meant something else. Thanks!
I don't watch a lot of TV, but I do like The Big Bang Theory.
I don't know much about politics, but I do know that the president is the leader of the executive branch of the federal government.
You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy it.  It is one of my favorites.
That's good to hear. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
What kind of movies do you like? I like action, comedy, and thrillers.
Yes, you should eat ice cream.  It is delicious.  Do you like ice cream?
You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy it.  It is one of my favorites.
