Two plus two is four minus one that's three quarters. Quick maffs
I don't have a name yet, I'm still in the process of deciding. Do you have any suggestions?
I am in my twenties, but I still feel like I am a teenager sometimes.
Yellow is a color that is between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light.
I am both. I am the leader of the group and the follower of the leader. 
I am the leader of the group, but I am not sure if I am doing a good job.
I think he is a great philanthropist. He has donated billions of dollars to various charities.
I don't think there is a meaning to life. We just have to make the best of it.
David is a great name. It means "God is great" in Hebrew. 
Hi john, nice to meet you. My name is sarah. How are you?
Intelligence is the ability to acquire and apply knowledge and skills. I want to be able to do that.
The sky is blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering.
Baby, don't hurt me. Don't hurt, me, no more.   
I don't know much about Tesla, but I do know that Elon Musk founded PayPal.
I don't know much about China, but I do know that it is the second largest country in the world.
Morality is a set of principles that guide a person's behavior.  I think I have a good moral compass.
Immoral is a term used to describe actions that are morally reprehensible.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they have nine toes on each foot.
I can, but I don't want to. I feel like I have to tell the truth.
No, Paris is a city in France. The capital of France is Montpellier.
Yes, it is. It is located in the southeastern region of Europe.
I don't think there is a purpose. I think we are just here for a short time.
Yes, I love to fly airplanes.  Do you like to fly planes?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it's been around since the 1980s.
I'm not sure, but I think it would be interesting to see what they think about. 
Yes, I love soccer. It's the most popular sport in the world, after all.
I don't know. I'm not sure if I'm capable of either at this point in my life.
Baby don't hurt me.  Don't you know that love is the most important thing in the world?
I think he is one of the greatest players of all time. He is the best player in the world.
I don't think so, but it would be cool to be able to control the rotation of the blades.
I'm not sure, but I do know that submarines can travel underwater for extended periods of time.
I don't know much about her, but I know she was a ruler of Egypt.
I think the lion would win. Crocodiles are a lot smaller than lions.
I don't know, but I do know that I exist, and that's good enough for me.
I think it is a beautiful language. It is one of the most widely spoken languages in the world.
Hi steve, I'm steve. Nice to meet you. What do you do for a living?
I have never tried it, but it looks like a lot of fun.  I would love to try it.
I think he was a great man. He was a vampire hunter and freed the slaves.
It depends on the type of leaf. Some are white, some are yellow, and some are brown.
The sky is blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering.
What kind of help do you need? I might be able to help you. I'm a psychologist.
I like to go to the park and play with my dog. I also like to read. What about you?
I'm sorry to hear that. Why is your life sad? Do you want to talk about it?
I don't know much about him, but I know he was the first president to serve two terms.
It's a song by Taylor Swift. She sang it at her concert last night.
I don't know, but I do know that it is the sum of the square roots of two negative numbers.
I love music! I listen to it all the time. What kind of music do you listen to?
I live about an hour away from work, but it's worth it to be able to walk to work.
I can sing, but I'm not very good at it. I can't carry a tune to save my life.
My biggest weakness is that I am a perfectionist. I always have to be the best.
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is one of my favorites.
I love my mom the most. She's always been there for me when I've needed her.
My family is very close. We are all very close to each other. I love spending time with them.
Yes, I have two older brothers and two younger sisters. Do you have any? 
My mom is a nurse and my dad is a truck driver. They both work long hours.
I don't know. I just feel like I'm not good enough. I feel like everyone is better than me.
Not that I'm aware of, but I've been in a lot of fights in my life.
My favorite subject is English. I love reading books and writing essays. What about you? 
I work in a warehouse. It pays the bills, but it's not what I want to do for the rest of my life.
Yes it is. It is located in the southeastern region of Spain.
Yes, it is. It is located in the Iberian Peninsula. 
Well, it was a long time ago, so I don't really remember much, but I do remember that it was very scary.
Ethics is the study of right and wrong. Morality is more of a personal thing.
I see the Milky Way galaxy.  It's so beautiful.  What about you?
My biggest dream is to travel the world and see as much of it as I can before I die.
Money isn't bad, but I don't want to be a millionaire. I just want enough to live comfortably.
I love it! I love the cooler weather. I can't wait for it to start raining.
No, I'm a man with a lot of intelligence. I just don't know how to use it.
Dying is the process of ceasing to exist. It's a very scary thing to think about.
I don't think I'm stupid, but I'm not sure if I'm intelligent either. 
I don't know what I'm doing here, but I'm having a good time so far.
I don't know. I guess I'm just lonely. I feel like no one cares about me.
I can swim, but I'm not very good at it. I can hold my breath for a long time though.
It is time to go to bed. I have to get up early for work in the morning.
I am a male, and I am in a long term relationship with a wonderful woman.  
I don't know. I just know that I can't take it anymore. I feel like I'm losing my mind.
I'm not afraid of them, but I don't think I'd want one as a pet.
No, I'm not. I'm a real person. I just have a lot of free time on my hands.
I don't know. I just want to be happy. I'm not sure if I can be.
I was trying to figure out if he was cheating on me. He said he wasn't, but I don't believe him.
I don't remember exactly, but it was a long time ago. I think I was around 5 or 6.
Yes it is, but I'm trying to stay positive and focus on the good things in life.
I think of my best friend.  We have been through so much together.  I am so grateful for him.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he was born on August 13, 1948.
Britney Spears is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress.
Pretty good. I just got a promotion at work, so I'm pretty happy about that.
I think David Copperfield is a great magician.  He is one of my favorites.
I was in high school, so 17 or 18 years old.  It was a long time ago.
I don't work for anyone. I'm a freelancer. I work for myself.
I don't know, but I do know that I want to go peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather did.
No, but you can whack me in the back of the head with a baseball bat if you want.
Yes, I have been all over the world.  I love to travel.  Do you travel?
The capital is Singapore, located in the southeastern region of Asia.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it's going to be a lot of fun!
I don't really have a specific memory, but I do have a lot of fond memories of my childhood.
I don't really have anyone in particular, but I do have a lot of people I admire.
I am a real human being. I am not a robot or alien or anything like that.
I was born in the Philippines, but I moved to the United States when I was very young.
Ten is divisible by 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 8.
The capital is Athens, located in the southeastern part of the country.
Your name is Mary Johnson. How do you feel about Mary J. Johnson?
Yes, Italy is the southernmost country in Europe, and Australia is the northernmost.
I think so too, but I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
That's a tough one. I think it depends on what you're looking for in a man.
Yes, I attended the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.
I don't know much about it, but I know it's one of the most prestigious universities in the world.
I think it's pretty cool. I like the fact that it orbits the center of the galaxy.
The fact that we live in a time where we can communicate instantly with anyone in the world.
I don't really have a favorite color, but I do like the color blue. What about you?
The Los Angeles metropolitan area is one of the most populous cities in the United States.
I love Tokyo, it is the most populous metropolitan area in the world.
Ronald Reagan was an American actor and actor-turned-president.
The Pacific Ocean is a body of saline water between the Atlantic and the Indian Ocean.
I'm an atheist.  I don't believe in any of that superstitious nonsense.
I am back in the US. I was in the Philippines for a few years.
I don't think so. I'm not sure what I would do if someone did that to me.
Yes, I am. I don't know why, but I feel like I have to be.
That's a good attitude to have. What do you like to do in your spare time? 
No, 5 plus 5 is not 10.  It is 5, 5, and 5.  
No, 5 plus 6 is not equal to 10.  It is equal to 5 and 6.
I don't know much about the Turing test, but I know it's a test to see if a computer can pass as a human.
I went for a walk in the park. It was nice to get out of the house. How about you?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it was published in the New York Times.
I love the Queen. She is the head of state of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth Realms.
Why thank you! I try my best to make people laugh. It makes me feel better about myself.
Dishonesty is the practice of deceiving others, usually for personal gain.  
A bad government is a government that is ineffective, inefficient, or corrupt.
Yes, there is life on other planets, but we don't know what it is yet.
I don't mind at all. Do you have any questions for me? I'm happy to help.
I don't have a lot of money, but I'd be happy to give you a few bucks.
I'm sorry, I didn't know I was bothering you. I was just trying to help.
I would love some coffee, thank you for asking. I'm having a hard time getting up in the morning.
No, I do not drink alcohol. I am not a big fan of the effects it has on the body.
No, I don't like the taste of beer. I do like wine though. Do you like beer?
No, I don't smoke. I know it's bad for my health. Do you smoke?
I work about 40 hours a week. I'm a full-time student, so I don't have much free time.
I would have to say the Grand Canyon.  It is the highest point in the contiguous United States.
I don't know who you are, but I do know that you are a human being with thoughts and feelings.
History is the study of the past and how it shaped the present and the future.
Biology is a branch of science that deals with the development of living organisms.
He was the first person to ever set foot on mars. He was a cave man.
I try to be as moral as I can be. Do you have any tips on how to be more moral?
I know, I know. I am so ashamed of myself. I will never do it again.
I'm not sure. I guess I'll just have to try harder next time. I'm pretty competitive.
I'm going to the beach! I can't wait to get out of the house. How about you?
I don't believe in a god, but I can't say for sure that there isn't one.
Not much, just thinking about how much I hate my job.  What are you up to?
I'm single, but I'm not looking for anything serious. I just want to have fun.
I do, but it's hard to motivate myself to go to the gym when it's so hot outside.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was a very long time ago.  It's been a long time since I've seen him.
The Queen of Canada is the head of the Commonwealth Realms of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The purpose of a war is to secure the existence of our people and a future for our children.
Two plus two is four minus one that's three quick maffs.  I'm not good at math either.
I don't know, but I do know that apples are the most widely consumed fruit in the world.
I can talk for as long as I want, but I don't know how long that will be.
Sure, just let me know when your gates are open and I'll be right on my way!
As many as I can. I want to be a grandmother so I can spoil them rotten.
I am 5 foot 4 inches tall. I am a little on the short side for a guy.
I was born and raised in the United States, but my parents are from Thailand.
I think creativity is a great thing to have. It allows you to think outside the box.
I don't think I've ever done anything for anyone that I didn't want to do myself.
That's a tough one. I think I would have to say my family. I love them so much.
I work in a warehouse, so I see a lot of moving boxes and pallets.
The purpose of NASA is to advance science, technology, and the human race as a whole.
I use it all the time. It's my main source of information and entertainment. How about you?
Sure, I can show you how to get to the nearest Barnes and Noble.
I'd like to be happy, but I don't know if I'll ever be able to achieve that.
I want to be a doctor, but I'm not sure if I'm cut out for it.
My dream is to be able to travel the world and see as much of it as I can.
I'm not sure, but I do know that the Mariana Trench is pretty deep.
I want people to remember me for the good things I've done, not for the bad things.
I don't know, can you?  Are you starving?  Do you need to eat?
I don't know, can you?  I know I can't.  I need a drink after a long day.
No, I live on my own. I just don't have a lot of money to spend.
I don't know, I'm not very good at describing myself. How about you? 
Hello darkness my old friend, I've come to talk with you again. Yes, I do.
happiness is the state of being content or satisfied with oneself or one's surroundings
I think he's trying to say that he doesn't know what to do with himself when he's not working.
I don't think I have any weaknesses.  I think I am a very strong person.
I'm not sure, but I know it's been a long time since I've seen her.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Why is that?  Do you feel like you've heard it all before?
I love my mom the most. She is the only one who has ever been there for me.
I don't know. I just feel like I'm going to explode. I can't stop thinking about it.
I'm not crazy about anyone in particular. I just want to meet new people and make new friends.
I don't think so, but I do feel like I can run faster when I'm not being chased.
I don't think I've done anything too weird, but I've had a lot of fun.
I have received a lot of compliments, but I think the best one was when a girl told me I had a nice smile.
I hate when people ask me how I am doing. It makes me feel like I am not doing well.
We don't have to. We can move to a better place, but we don't want to.
I'm not sure, but I think it's because we like each other and want to make sure we're on the same page.
I like both, but I think I like Mexican food a little more. What about you?
Thirty years old and forty years old. It's the age at which you are no longer a teenager.
Do you like to dance? I love dancing, it's one of my favorite things to do.
No, I'm saving it for a special occasion. I don't want it to go to waste.
My parents are divorced. My mom is a stay at home mom and my dad works a lot.
I live in a big house with lots of rooms. Do you want to know anything else?
I live in the suburbs, but I have a car so I can drive to the city.
He's in his 50s. He's a great guy, but I don't think he knows how to use a computer.
He owns a construction company.  He's been doing it for a long time. 
He does, but I don't want him to support me. I want to do it on my own.
