I don't think it's that unusual, it's just that I've never seen it before.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you spoken to a doctor about it? It can be caused by a variety of things.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
The Queen is the head of state of the Commonwealth realms of Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
I know! I can't wait to see it in person. It's going to be so cool.
I love the sound of rattling chains.  It's one of my favorite things to do.
Well, I know that it has been around for a long time. It was first published in 1858.
Mr. Yao, it is a pleasure to meet you. What do you do for a living?
I know, right?  It was so gross.  I felt so bad for the guy.
Yes, it is. I'm so glad you recognized him. He's my favorite character on the show.
I said what's the matter, grammy? You got something to say to me? 
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I am thinking of going to the beach. 
I know how you feel. I was in my early 20s when I got my badge.
Do you have any advice for me? I feel like I am going to have a nervous breakdown.
Do you like fifty shades of gray? It's one of my favorite books.
I don't think so.  I think he just didn't want to be with me anymore.
Thank you. It was a long time ago, but it still hurts to think about it. 
I love you, but I don't want to be in a romantic relationship with you right now.
Have you ever been attacked by a tree?  I have.  It was terrifying.  I thought I was going to die.
Do you believe in God?  I do.  He is the creator of the universe.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What did you do to get on the shit list? 
I am so glad to hear that. I hope you are able to get her the help she needs.
I try to smile at people as often as I can. It makes them feel good and it makes me feel good.
I'm not! I'm going to the beach! I can't wait to see the ocean!
Vain is a noun, a person who is vain is called a vain person.
Yes, I have noticed that. I think it's because of the way we are socialized.
Malone is one of my favorite players. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers.
I don't know what you're talking about. I've been here for a while now. 
I don't think so.  I think it's just a coincidence.  But I'm not sure.
Do you have any tips on how to move faster? I feel like I'm going too slow.
I don't know who did it, but I'm going to find them and make them pay.
I'm not sure what you mean by that.  Are you implying that I am under arrest?
I don't know. I think I'm going to go with my gut on this one.
Uncle jesse is a character from the tv series "breaking bad" created by saul goodman
It's okay, I'm used to it by now. I just wish I could do something about it.
I think so. I don't know what I was thinking. I should have just stayed home.
I think so too. I just wish he would be honest with me about it instead of stringing me along.
I don't think you were born that way, but I do think you have a predisposition to it.
No, I'm not kidding.  I've been trying to figure out how to do this for a long time.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki would like to have a word with you.
Do you have any advice for me? I feel like I am going to have a nervous breakdown.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
Have you ever flown on an airplane? It's pretty amazing how they can fly.
Oh no! I hope you were able to get off the plane before you got too drunk. 
I would love to see you dance! What kind of dancing do you like to do? 
Do you like carson? It is a state in the southeastern United States.
Hi, I'm scott. Nice to meet you. What do you do for a living?
I did! I was so happy to see it. It's been a long time since I've seen it.
I'm sure she can. She's a good dog, but she can be a handful at times.
God bless you.  I am so glad you are okay.  How are you feeling?
Do you have a lot of fans in your home? I have a few fans in my home.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
What makes you say that? I'm not sure what to do about it. I don't want to lose her.
I'm just a random person on the internet.  What about you?  Do you have any hobbies?
I am so glad to hear that.  What did you do with it?  Did you keep it?
I wish I could, but I don't have a car and I'm not sure how to get there.
That's great! What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you have any hobbies?
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm sure it's a good thing.
Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. How did you find out she was dead?
I don't know what to say to her. I feel like I've said everything I can.
I can't help it, it's involuntary. It's like my muscles are spazzing out.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find peace with it and move on.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a good reason for not being able to leave?
I think I will. I just need to find a way to get over my fear of public speaking.
I don't know what I'm going to do with it yet, but I'm sure I'll figure something out.
Hi, I am 41 years of age. What is your favorite number? Mine is 42.
That's a good idea. I think I'll do that next time I go to the casino.
I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to scare you! I was just so excited!
Do you have a good relationship with your family? I have a great relationship with mine, we are all very close.
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I'm thinking of going to the beach. 
I'm sorry to hear that. What is it that ticks you off the most about it?
Have you ever watched the show "Sonja" on Bravo? I love it!
Helm's Deep is the name of the fortress in Return of the King.
I know, right?  I can't believe he did that to me.  I was so mad.
I guess so. I was a bit of a loner back then, but I've come a long way since then.
Baron Nashor is one of my favorite champions in League of Legends.  He's a big dragon.
I don't know. I think he's trying to get a rise out of me or something.
How long has it been like that? I would be so mad if I had to clean that up.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't know if I want to go through all that again.
I like your heart too. It is a vital organ that is located in your chest.
I love the name Toulalan. It means "little lion" in Spanish.
Breathing is one of the most important functions of the human body. Do you ever feel like you are suffocating?
I'm sorry to hear that. What didn't you get? Maybe I can help you understand.
I am the captain and I have given my orders.  I just want to know what to do next.
I don't know if I'm brave enough to do it, but I'm going to give it a try.
I don't know, I guess I'm just really attracted to him. He's a great guy.
I know, right?  I was so upset.  I didn't even realize it until I got home.
Powerline is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and record producer.
I wouldn't want to either. What are you going to do if you have to miss it?
I will! She deserves it for all the hard work she's put in to get where she is.
Do you prefer the right or left side of your body?  I prefer my right side. 
Are not what?  Are you saying that I am not the only one who feels this way?
That's what I was afraid of. I guess I'll have to find a new place to live.
Thank you for having me.  It was a pleasure.  I hope to see you again soon.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
I need to repent for my sins. I have sinned so much in my life.
I hope you have a great time! It's going to be so much fun! I can't wait!
No, I don't think so.  I think it's more of a generational thing.
I'm not sure, but I hope they did. I was so upset when I found out.
Do you like popsicles? I love them, especially the ones with caramel in them.
Yeah, it's hard to see, but it's there.  I don't know what to do about it.
I know, I was so disappointed. I was hoping he would at least give me a hug or something.
What was the question, if you don't mind me asking? I hope it wasn't too personal.
I know it is, but I don't know what to do about it. I can't afford a lawyer.
Dear Thatch,  I am sorry to hear that.  I hope you are doing well.
What kind of bike do you have? I've never ridden a bicycle in my life.
No, I don't want to mess with anyone's family.  I just want to be able to do what I want when I want.
Do you mean the animatronic from Freddy Fazbear's Pizza?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried any of the e-cigarettes?
I know I shouldn't, but I can't help it.  I miss her so much.
Hi! How are you? I'm so excited to meet you! I love meeting new people!
I Don't Know is an indie rock band from Los Angeles, California. Have you heard of them?
Do you have any advice on how to get over my fear of spiders? I am terrified of them.
Esmerelda is a fictional character from the Wizard of Oz.
I know, right?  I'm so excited!  I can't wait to see how it turns out!
Have you ever been to Unh? It's a city in Pennsylvania.
I hope it's a boy and not a girl.  I don't want any more kids.
Have you ever been to Pennsylvania? It's a state in the northeastern United States.
Thank you. It was a long time ago, but it still hurts to think about it. 
I don't know what to do with my life. I have no idea what I want to do.
Yes, I've been working on it for a few years now. I'm really proud of it.
Hi, how are you doing today? I just got back from walking my dog, how about you?
Yes, we had a lot of fun.  It was nice to get out of the house.
Sounds good, I'll add you and be online in a minute.  Do you want a nickname for it?
I'm sure you won't. You seem like a nice person. I hope you have a great day!
I hate the fog. It makes me feel claustrophobic and gives me a headache.
What did she say? I didn't get a chance to talk to her before she left. 
I don't know who that is, but he sounds like a jerk.  What did he do?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it works out for you in the end.
I have no idea, but it was really disturbing to watch.  I don't think I'll be watching it again.
What do you mean come on? I just want to know if it's a good idea or not.
That's good to hear. I hope the fight goes well for you. What is it about?
I'm not sure what that is, but I do know that I'm a spelling bee champion.
I have thought about it, but I am not sure if I am cut out for it. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get some rest and feel better in the morning.
Have you ever heard of the Aztec Goddess of Wisdom? I think she's beautiful.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
I can't wait to see it.  It's going to be so much fun.  I've been looking forward to it for a long time.
That would be lovely, thank you so much! What kind of donut would you like?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it work. 
Blessed are those who are called to the priesthood. Are you one of them?
Have you ever had a dream that you were a butterfly, and you were flying through the air?
The director of laboratories is a person who oversees the operations of a laboratory.
It is a coalition consisting of the former Yugoslavia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Macedonia.
Simon is a fictional character from the animated television series "The Simpsons"
I don't think they were petty or narrow-minded, I think they just didn't like me.
I don't think he would do that. He's a sweetheart. I think he just wants to play.
I don't know, but I'm glad I didn't have to find out the hard way.
I don't know what to do. I feel so helpless. I can't do anything.
Hi, how are you doing today? I just got back from walking my dog, how about you?
I am in the midwest.  It is a little chilly, but not too bad.  How about you?
That's a long time to wait. What are you going to do when you get them? 
It's a game where you try to guess what the other person is going to say before they say it.
Do you like being called daddy? I don't really like it, but I know a lot of people do.
Oh my goodness, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing okay.
I can't wait to hear what you have to say about it.  I'm sure it will be enlightening.
I don't know about that. I think we have a good chance of winning this one. 
Success is defined as the continued existence of one's goals and aspirations.
I don't think so. I just don't know how to act around her. I feel like I'm not good enough for her.
Somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me, I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
I think I'm going to have to. I don't know if I can go through with it.
I don't have many friends, but if I did, I'd pass you around to them.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you beat yourself up over it? I know I would have.
I don't know what I did wrong.  I was just trying to be a good friend.
I think so too, but I don't want to get my hopes up and then be disappointed.
I am so sorry to hear that. How did you do on the rest of the exams?
Laughing is one of my favorite ways to relieve stress. Do you enjoy laughing?
I thought it was pretty cool.  I've never seen anything like it before.  It was in the middle of the woods.
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to play video games and watch movies.
That's what I thought, but it didn't.  I had to call a tow truck.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things are better for you now. Do you still see a therapist?
Have you ever heard of Kreimhild? It's a German fairy tale.
I think I'm going to have to go to the doctor and get a prescription for antibiotics.
Do you mean poisonous as in "toxic" or "poisonous" or both?
I don't know what to do. I feel like I have to do something, but I'm not sure what.
Oh no! What did you do to the bathroom? Did you have to clean it up yourself?
I am a college student studying biochemistry. What about you? What do you do?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to get back on your feet soon.
I'm sure they will be, but I'm not looking forward to it. I'm going to be so tired.
Oh my gosh, that's terrible. I didn't know that. I'm so sorry.
James Yip is an American author, screenwriter, producer, and director.
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I am thinking of going to the beach. 
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing better now. How are you doing?
Have you ever been to Newport, Rhode Island? It's one of the most populous cities in the US.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go to the gym and lift weights.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
I know, right? I can't believe it's been so long since I've seen her.
Have you ever been to a buzzfest? It's an outdoor music festival.
What kind of music do you like to listen to? I'm a big fan of classical music.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
Have you completed all of your homework for the day?  I have!  I'm so proud of myself!
Do you mean the fictional character from the American novel "Arthur" by Charles Dickens?
I'm not your fella, buddy!  I'm a woman.  I don't know what you're talking about.
You are welcome.  I hope you have a great day.  Do you have any plans?
I don't have the money for it right now. I'm saving up for a new car.
Chipotle is my favorite fast food restaurant. Have you ever had their burritos?
Do you have any advice on how to get over my fear of spiders? I am terrified of them.
I don't have any pens, but I do have a pencil. Do you want it?
I know, I am so sad. I am going to miss him so much. He was my best friend.
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I am thinking of going to the beach. 
