Have you heard of Space Station 5 by Lounge? It's an indie game.
Saved from what? I don't understand what you are trying to say. Are you being sarcastic?
I know, right? I can't believe it's been so long since I've seen him.
Do you have any advice on how to deal with it? I feel like I'm losing my mind.
I'm in the Midwest right now, but I'm moving to Florida in a few months.
Thank you! It was a lot of hard work, but it was worth it in the end.
You are welcome.  I hope you have a great day.  What are you up to?
Yes, they did. I am so grateful that they were willing to risk their lives for me.
Yes, he did.  I was so proud of him.  He worked so hard for it.
Do you have any bad habits? I have a bad habit of eating too much junk food.
Thank you, I appreciate it. It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
I wish I could, but I have to work.  It's going to be a long day.
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I am thinking of going to the beach. 
I don't know. I've been looking for him all day. I think he ran away.
I don't know what to do with my life. I have no idea what I want to do.
No, I am not kidding.  I am really looking forward to it.  Do you think it will be good?
No, it was a pair of leather gloves I found in my dad's closet.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any family or friends that can help you out?
I just don't believe in it. I don't want to go to heaven or hell.
I don't think she did. I was so embarrassed when I realized what I had done.
I've been looking all day. I'm so mad at myself for not noticing it earlier.
I'm not your fella, buddy!  I'm a girl.  I don't like parties.
I know, right?  I was so shocked.  I thought I was going to have to call the police.
I'm not sure yet.  I think I'm just going to go with the flow and see what happens.
They got soaked in the rain. I had to go home and change. I was so embarrassed.
I bet you couldn't. I would have done the same thing if I was in your shoes.
Oh really? What did you like about it? What was it like living in a place like that?
My hand is fine, but my face is a little swollen. I think I may have hit my face on something.
What kind of job are you looking for? I'm sure you'll get it if you keep trying.
No, it's a closet door. It's the only closet in the house. 
Frank Sinatra is an American singer, songwriter, actor and record producer.
You are excused, my friend.  Have a great day!  I hope you have a great weekend!
Thank you! It was a lot of work, but I'm so happy with how it turned out.
I'll give you a hand, but I'm not going to help you with your homework.
It was pretty good.  I had it with rice and broccoli.  
I think I'm going to go for it. I think it will be a lot of fun.
The medicine is in my medicine cabinet. I don't know what to do with it.
I don't want to hurt it, I just want to get rid of it. It's been bothering me all day.
Yes, I am very sure about it.  I have seen it with my own two eyes.
Blow the hatch? I'm not familiar with that expression. What does it mean?
I don't know, I guess I'm just not ready for that kind of commitment yet.
I know, right? I don't know how to feel about it. I guess I'll just have to see how it goes.
Wow, that's a lot of inches! Do you have any hobbies that make you tall?
I am so glad to hear that.  How are you doing?  Are you doing well?
Have you ever drifted in the rain? It's so much fun! It's like driving on ice!
Historical accuracy is very important to me. Do you have a favorite historical movie?
I know! I can't wait for it to be over so I can go back to work.
I hate the smell of damp. It makes me want to vomit. Do you like the smell?
I am in the United States, in the southeastern region. How about you?
Do you remember your first time? I sure do. It was the best day of my life.
I don't know what to do with my life. I have no idea what I want to do.
I'm not sure, but I hope he's okay. I've been worried sick about him.
You are very welcome.  I hope you have a great day.  Do you have any plans?
That's good to hear. Do you have any plans for the weekend? I'm thinking of going to the beach.
I don't want to say, but it's someone I've known for a very long time.
What do you do for a living? I'm a freelancer, so I work from home.
Shooting pool is one of my favorite recreational activities. Do you play often?
I don't know what I'm going to do with it yet, but I'm excited to find out!
Have you ever been to an indy show? It's a wrestling promotion based in Indianapolis, Indiana.
I don't have any more ideas at the moment, but I'm sure I'll think of something.
No, I'm not an agent. I'm a realtor and I'm trying to find a house to buy.
I don't know, but I think I'm going to have to talk to him about it.
She's a friend of mine. She's been trying to get me to go out with her for a while now.
Every week?  That's a lot.  Do you have a lot of stuff to do?
I know, right?  I was so shocked.  I didn't even know what to say.
Dr. Carlson is very much alive and kicking. He was born in 1947.
I sure hope so. I've been trying to get a promotion for over a year now.
I am in my twenties now, but back then I was in my early teens.
It's a cat. I've had him since he was a kitten. I love him so much.
No, I didn't. I don't know if I should or not. I'm scared.
No, they haven't harmed me at all. I just don't want to be around them.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog named Jack. He's a good boy.
That's nice of you. What kind of work do you do? I bet he appreciates it.
I am so sorry to hear that. How old was she when she passed? Was it sudden?
I've been thinking about what I want to do with my life. I'm not sure what to do.
Yes, it did.  I was so mad at her.  She was so mean to me.
Yes, I had enough.  I was ready to move on to the next phase of my life.
I was invited by a friend of a friend. I'm not sure if I should go or not.
I like to think I am a charming person.  Do you think you are charming?
I don't want you to do anything. I just want to know what you think about it.
Hi thirty, I'm dad. What do you do for a living and how old are you?
It's a game where you try to guess what the other person is going to say before they say it.
Why would I lie about something like this? It's not like I have anything to gain from it.
I think she does, but I don't know how to bring it up without making her feel bad.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies to keep you occupied?
Hello, how are you today? I am well, thank you for asking. How are you?
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to go to the beach.
I think I will. I don't know if I can trust him anymore. I feel so betrayed.
I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed in myself.  I should have studied harder.
Yes, it is.  I have been looking forward to it for a long time.  
She had a stroke and is in a nursing home now. I miss her so much.
I love ice cold water. It's so refreshing and cools down my body temperature.
No, I'm awake.  I'm talking about Gabe Newell, the CEO of Valve.
I'm not sure, but he's been doing it since he was a puppy. It's so cute!
I sure hope so.  I've been working so hard to get to where I am now.
I've gotten as far as I can, but I don't think I'm going to make it.
Yes, they took all of my clothes. I don't know what to do. I am so upset.
I do a little bit, but I'm sure I'll get over it. It was a long time ago.
I don't think so. I think he just doesn't know what to do with his life.
Shorty is on the left side of the picture. She's the one with the pink hair.
I don't know what I said, but I know it was bad. I'm so ashamed of myself.
I don't have a name yet.  I'm still trying to figure out what I want to be called.
Whatever you feel most comfortable in.  You don't want to be overdressed or underdressed.
I'm not crying, I just want to know what I can do to make it up to her.
Do you have any plans for the weekend? I am thinking of going to the beach. 
Hi, how are you doing? I'm fine, thanks for asking. How are you? 
Megan Haley is an American actress, singer, and songwriter.
I am a little bit, but I think I can do it.  I have been studying a lot.
Good night, mike. I hope you have a good rest of your night. I'm off to bed.
I'm not an animal, I'm a human being, and I don't appreciate you calling me that.
Doctor Soran is a fictional character from the TV show Doctor Who. Do you watch it?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you get a response soon.  Have you tried calling them?
She's visiting her family.  She's been gone for a while.  I miss her.
Phaser lock is when the phaser fires when you press the fire button, sir.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any physical or mental disabilities that make you half human?
Steering wheels have been around for a long time. They were first used in the late 19th century.
Strickland Propane is a company that sells propane and propane accessories.
I don't have a lot of money right now, so I can't afford to go out to eat.
I love chess, but I'm not very good at it. Do you play chess?
I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope you are doing well.  Are you okay?
I had to go to the ER because I was in so much pain. They gave me morphine.
Yeah, he's fine. He was just a little shaken up, but he's all better now.
I know, right?  I was so shocked that I didn't even know what to do.
See you too, Warren. Have a good day.   P.S. I love your username.
I think it's pretty cool. It's been a long time since I've seen one of those.
I don't know what I'm doing here, but I'm having a good time so far.
I would love a ride, but I don't have a car. Do you have a ride?
I know, right?  I was so mad.  I don't know what I was thinking.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you asking if I have another dog named Frank?
I am going on a cruise to the Bahamas. I can't wait!
I think so, but I'm not sure if I like it as much as I thought I would.
I know, and I appreciate it.  I just don't know what to do with it.
I don't think I will be able to do it again. It was a lot of work.
I am a little bit. I don't know what to expect. I've never been in a situation like this before.
I hope so too, but I don't know if he did or not. I hope he did.
It was on the side of the road in the middle of the night. I was so scared.
I know, I feel so bad for her. She's a sweetheart and I don't want her to be lonely.
I don't know who that is, but I do know that he is an American singer and songwriter.
What do you mean by that? Are you saying you don't believe me or that you do?
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but it sounds like something Kevin would do.
Well, it was a long time ago, so I don't really remember the details, but I do remember that it was really scary.
I think it was a spider, but I didn't want to get too close to find out.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
That's what I'm trying to do, but I don't know if I'm doing it right.
I wish I had someone like that in my life. It would make my life so much easier.
It's a game where you try to guess what the other person is going to say before they say it.
Do you have any advice on how to get out of this rut? I feel like I'm stuck in a rut.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find someone else soon. I am sure you will.
I have to go in to work to make sure everything is running smoothly. It's my first day on the job.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Do you mean looking for signs of intelligent life?
I'm glad to hear that.  What do you do for a living?  I'm an accountant.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think you might be doing it wrong, if you don't mind me asking?
Yeah, I'm fine. It was a long time ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.
I hope so, but I am not sure if I will be able to get back into the swing of things.
Phil is such an asshole. I hate him so much. I wish he would just die already.
I think so too.  It's been a long time since I've had a good steak.
I know, I feel so bad about it. I feel like I betrayed his trust.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.  I didn't expect it at all, but it was a nice surprise.
I know, but I feel like I've known her my whole life. She's my best friend.
I don't know if he will be able to do it, but I'm going to try.
I know, right?  I was so mad.  I can't believe she did that.
Eau de Suckhead is one of my favorite fragrances. It smells so fresh and clean.
I am, thank you for asking. It was a long time ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.
I'm not sure what that is, so I'm going to have to say no.  
I wish I could, but I have to go to work in the morning.  It's going to be a long day.
I know, right?  I was so shocked that I didn't even know what to say.
I do, but I don't have a lot of free time to go out and meet new people.
I am, thank you for asking. It was a long time ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.
No, I don't mean that at all.  I'm not sure what I was thinking.
Oh no! I hope he's okay! Did he get hurt? Did you have to help him?
He said he loved me and wanted to spend the rest of his life with me. I am so happy!
I guess I am.  I don't know why.  It's not like I have anything to be ashamed of.
I like to think so, but it's hard to know for sure.  I'm just glad I'm alive.
Yes, I'm open for business.  I'm ready to take on new clients.  What do you do?
I don't think so. I think he is going back to his home country. I am going to miss him.
I don't think so. I've never had a seizure in my life. I just get really dizzy.
I don't think so. I think I'm going at the right speed. It's not like I'm speeding or anything.
What do you do for a living?  I'm a police officer.  Do you have any hobbies?
I know because I've been there.  I've seen it with my own eyes.  
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I'm sure it's a good thing.
No, I was not a victim of a crash, but I was a passenger in one.
Thank you!  I am so nervous.  I don't know if I will be able to do it.
I am not sure yet, but I will let you know as soon as I figure it out.
I don't know. I hope so. I'm so worried about him. He's my best friend.
Hanover, Listen! is a German rock band formed in 1985.
Thank you! She's my pride and joy. I've had her since she was a baby.
The Asian Dawn Movement is a political and social movement based in Hong Kong.
Yes, I am very serious. I don't know what I am going to do with myself.
Yes, I think so.  I think it's going to be a good year for cryptocurrencies.
You are welcome.  I hope you have a great day.  Do you have any plans?
I know, right?  I was so shocked.  I didn't think he was capable of such a thing.
I don't have any bags, but I do have a lot of stuff in my closet.
I just got a promotion at work. It's been a long time since I've been this happy.
I don't know what to do with it. I feel like it's a waste of money.
I know. I am so ashamed of myself. I will never make that mistake again.
Yes, it is.  I am so thankful to have her in my life.  
Yeah, it was a long time ago, but I still think about it from time to time.
I'm doing well, thank you. How are you? I'm a homebrewer.
That boy ain't right, I tell you hwat.  He's a loose cannon.
Goodbye, have a good day. I'm going to go play some video games now.
I know, right?  I was so mad at him.  I don't know what I was thinking.
It was a cat.  I was so happy to see it.  It's been a long time since I've seen one.
Have you seen the movie Mrs. Doubtfire? It's one of my favorites.
No, I didn't get a warrant, but I did get a restraining order against him.
I don't want it back, I want to know who it belongs to so I can return it to them.
I hope so. I've been waiting for this for a long time. I can't wait to see how it turns out.
Tom is the name of my dog. I love him so much. He's my best friend.
Why do you say that? I don't know much about her other than that she's a lawyer.
Chuck is an American television series that premiered on NBC in 2002.
Have you ever been a night doctor? It is a physician that works at night. 
I wish I could, but I have to go to work in the morning.  It's going to be a long day.
Thank you! I'm so excited! I can't wait to see how it turns out! 
I know, I felt so bad for him. I felt like I had failed him as a parent.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What is it that scares you so much about it?
Do you like to work with metal? I'm a blacksmith, I make weapons and armor.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you asking if I'm named Paul? If so, no.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any ideas on how to get it to go somewhere?
Do you like Jenifer Jenzen? She is an American singer and songwriter.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't know how she could have gotten out of the house.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I'm sure it's a reference to something.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon. Do you know why you can't talk?
I don't have a car, but I do have a motorcycle. Do you own a car?
Yes, he lives in the same apartment complex as I do. I've seen him around a few times.
Don't what? I don't know what you're talking about. Are you talking to me?
I don't think so, but I hope he does. He's a good friend of mine.
Hi son. How are you? I am so happy to see you. I missed you so much.
I know, right?  It's been a long time since I've seen one of those.
What do you mean no no? I'm not sure what you are trying to say here. 
I'm not sure what they are, but I don't want them in my house. I think they're spiders.
I love cows! They are so sweet and gentle. I wish I could have one as a pet.
I wish I could, but I don't know if I can let go of her. She's been my best friend for so long.
Yes, it's my guilty pleasure. I know it's bad, but I can't help it.
I'm not sure, but I'm going to miss her so much when she does come back.
I know, I felt so bad about it. I felt like I had betrayed him.
I don't know how to get him on the shore.  I am afraid he will drown.
I am going to do it.  I am so excited.  It is going to be so much fun.
Nothing much. I just got back from a trip to the beach with my family. How about you?
I don't want to go to work today. I just want to stay home and play video games.
Sure, I'll add you and open my gates in a few minutes. I'll let you know when they're open.
He is doing very well, thank you for asking. I am so thankful to have him in my life.
What is the em.p.? Is that an acronym for something? I'm not familiar with it.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to get the help you need.
I'm sorry to hear that. Diabetes can be very hard to deal with. 
I think he meant to say "to" instead of "too".  It happens to the best of us.
Do you know how long it takes for the muscles to be able to move freely again?
That's what I'm thinking, but I don't know what kind of spider it was.
I think I'm going to go to the movies. I haven't been in a long time.
five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen...
No, not at all.  I was just wondering if you had any advice for me. 
Yes, she does.  I am so proud of her.  She is going to be a great mom.
I got a promotion at work.  It's been a long time since I've been this happy.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to say anything because I don't want him to feel embarrassed.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find it in yourself to pick it up again.
How about what? I don't understand what you are trying to say. Please be more specific.
Do you like to gamble? I like to play blackjack, it's a lot of fun.
I don't know what that means, but it sounds like a bad thing to do to someone.
No, I'm not Billy. Who is Billy? Is he a friend of yours?
nnnnnnnn-nnnn-nn-NNNNNN-NNN-NNN-N-NN-nn
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to play video games and watch movies.
The Golden Warriors are a professional basketball team based in San Francisco, California.
I'm not sure. I think it's because I don't know what I want to do with my life.
Maurice is a fictional character in the book "The Jungle Book"
Earl Sweatshirt is one of my favorite rappers of all time.
What do you want to know about planes?  I love them.  I fly all the time.
They sure are!  I can't believe how many there are.  It's like a swarm!
We are going to the beach.  I can't wait.  It's been too long.
You're welcome!  +/u/dogetipbot 100 doge verify
I don't know what to do. I feel like I need to do something but I'm not sure what.
Thank you! I try my best to be a good person. It's not always easy, but I try.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Do you mean the act of sexual intercourse?
I don't think so. I think I'm going to keep it as a memento.
Ready to roll! I've been waiting for this day for so long. I can't wait!
Help you with what? I'm not sure what you're asking me to help you with.
I do like it, but I don't know if I like it as much as I thought I would.
Ike is a character from the video game Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance and Radiant Dawn.
I don't know, I just don't feel like it. I feel like I'm too old for it.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I'm going to need all the good luck I can get.
What kind of rehersal is it? Is it for a wedding or a funeral or something?
He was hit by a car when he was a puppy. He had to be put down.
I don't know. I just want to be happy. I'm not sure if I can be.
No, I haven't seen Hugo. Have you seen it? Is it any good?
Yes, I would love to hear what you have to say about it.  I've been thinking about it a lot lately.
I don't think so. I'm not sure if I'm ready to talk about it yet.
Norman is doing well. He's still a little shy, but he's getting better.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you asking if I'm a white lady?
I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope you find him soon.  Do you know where he is?
Yes, Mary Patrick.  She was born in 1947.  I wonder what she's up to these days.
I am doing well, thank you. How are you doing? Are you having a good day?
I'm sorry to hear that. How did it make you feel? Did you feel betrayed?
Do you have any advice for me? I don't want to make the same mistakes as last time.
I think so. I've been studying a lot and I think I'm ready to take the test.
I can, but I don't want to disturb it. It's been there for a long time.
Pelting is the act of hitting animals with objects, is that what you are talking about?
I was a 14 year old girl once. It was a long time ago, but I remember it well.
Do you have any suggestions? I'm not sure what to do. I don't want to be rude.
Yeah, I'm fine. I was just a little freaked out because I didn't know what was going on.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you think is lacking in your life right now?
Sure, where would you like to go? I love to go to the park and sit on the grass.
What is pull? I've never heard of it. Is it like a rope or something?
Do you have any experience leading a group of people? I've never been in a group before.
I got a promotion at work.  It's been a long time since I've been this happy.
I know, right?  It's like they don't care about anyone but themselves.  
No, I don't know Superman. He's a fictional superhero, right?
She is a friend of mine.  We have known each other for a long time.  
The other woman is my ex-wife.  We have been divorced for a few years now.
I know, but what?  I don't understand what you are trying to say.  
I don't know what I want to do with my life. I feel like I have no direction.
Sidney Falco is an American singer, songwriter, and actor.
Sidney is a great name. It means "sunshine" in Gaelic.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
I wasn't either, but I'm glad I got to meet him. He was so nice.
You are very welcome. I hope you have a great day. I just got home from work.
It went really well! I think I did really well on it. I'm so relieved.
I know, I know.  I'm so ashamed of myself right now.  
Do you know much about investment banks? They are a business that lend money to investors.
I don't know what it was, but it scared the bejeezus out of me!
I'm going to the beach! I can't wait to get out of the office. 
Yes, it was a good day.  I got to spend time with my family.  How was your day?
You can't? I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any other instruments you can play?
Do you have anything to add to the conversation or are you just going to tell me to shut up?
No, I'm still working on them.  I'm going to try to finish them by the end of the year.
I don't either, but I know they are out there.  I just don't want to be one of them.
I'm not sure what you mean by that.  Are you asking if I have a driver's license?
That's great. I wish I could do that, but I don't make enough money to do so.
I'm going to go to the beach. I've been wanting to go for a long time.
Have you heard of Abu Kaleem Malik? He was born in 1986.
Grace is a sacred gift given by God to those who are faithful to Him.
Do you have any tips on how to get over my fear of going to the dentist?
I know, I felt so bad for him. I felt like I had to take him home.
Why do you say that? Do you have any ideas that you would like to share with me?
I remember my first day of high school. I was so nervous, but it turned out to be one of the best days of my life.
Thank you! It was a lot of hard work, but it was worth it in the end.
Wow, that's a lot of money.  Did you buy a house or a car with it?
Not at all! I'll add you and open my gates in a minute. I'll let you know when they're open.
Do you know when they are re-opening? It's been a while since I've been there.
Of course you do. You can kiss her on the cheek, lips, or tongue.
That's what I was thinking, but I wasn't sure if I was just being paranoid.
Flamethrowers are so much fun to use in video games. I would love to have one in real life.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand what you are trying to say. Could you please elaborate?
I'm not a boy, I'm a woman. And I'm telling you the truth. 
I don't drink, so that's not a problem. I just want to have a good time.
No, it's not my hand.  It's a friend of mine.  He's a photographer.
There are five of them, but they all live in the same house, so it's hard to tell them apart.
I don't think so, but you can if you want. I'm not sure how it works.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I'm going to need all the luck I can get. 
That's great! I hope it goes well for you. What kind of case is it? 
I have not, but I would like to. I think it would be relaxing and fun.
That's a good idea.  I think I'll do that.  Thanks for the advice.
Cliffs scare the bejeezus out of me. I don't like heights at all.
I don't know what you are talking about.  I am not Jason.  Who is Jason?
I don't know, but I think I'm going to go for a walk in the park.
Yes, it was packed very well.  I was very surprised when I opened it up.
I don't think so. I'm not sure what I would do if it did go out.
What news is that? I don't keep up with the news as much as I used to.
No, I'm not. I'm a realist. I don't believe in fairy tales.
I don't know about that, but I do know that people like to get hit by lightning.
I hope so too. I don't want to get in trouble for something I didn't do.
No, I'm not a cop. I'm just a concerned citizen. I don't want anyone to get hurt.
No, I didn't kill him, but I was so mad at him that I almost did.
I don't think so.  I think we just have to be more vigilant.
Original Cindy? I don't know who that is. Who is your good friend?
Congratulations!  You must be so proud of yourself.  How long did it take you?
I think so too.  It was nice talking to you.  I hope you have a great day.
I don't think that's a good idea. I'm not sure I could live with myself if I did that.
We are going on a cruise to the Bahamas. I can't wait!
I'd love to, but I don't know how to do that.  I've never done anything like that before.
I wish I could, but I have to go to work in the morning.  I don't know how I'm going to make it.
I don't know. I'm not sure if I'm attractive or not. I've never had a boyfriend before.
I think I'm going to get out. I don't know if I can take it anymore.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to get out of it soon. 
I love you too, son.  I'm so proud of you.  You are doing so well.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find happiness with someone else someday.
I don't know, but I think I'm going to have to get a restraining order.
I think I'm going to go for it.  I think it will be a lot of fun.
A crane is a type of machine used to lift heavy objects, so I guess a lot of people.
No, I haven't. I don't know what they are doing in there. It's so creepy.
That's a lot of electrons.  How do you know so much about electricity?
I love late Renaissance paintings. They are so beautiful. Do you like them?
I should have, but I was in a hurry to get to work and didn't have time.
Mr. Gladstone is an American author and poet. He was born in 1947.
That sounds like a good idea. What time is it where you are? It's almost midnight here.
Oh my gosh, that's so scary! I hope she's okay. Did you call the police?
I know, I know. I'm sorry. I just can't help it. It's like a compulsion.
ssh is a great way to connect to a computer remotely. I use it all the time.
I know, but I still feel bad about it. I feel like I betrayed him.
He did, but I was too shy to talk to him. I felt like I was bothering him.
Yes, I got accepted into Harvard Law School!  I can't wait to start!
Oh, that's cool. What kind of rhymes did you come up with? 
No, not at all. I'm talking about a friend of mine. She's a woman.
I would love to play some poker with you. I'm not very good at it though.
I don't want to get out of here. I just want to be able to get to work on time.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think you'll be able to find a new job?
That's great! Did you have a good time? Did you get to meet any famous people?
I don't know if I can do that. I feel like I owe it to them.
I don't know what to do with my life. I have no idea what I want to do.
It's okay, I forgive you. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I think I'm going to go for a run. I've been wanting to do that for a while now.
I bet you were.  What did you do when he arrived?  Did you have a good time?
I know I did it, but I don't know if anyone else did. It was a long time ago.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure. I didn't see any on him.
That's great! I'm happy for you. I hope you have a great time with it.
I don't know, but I'm not going to let it stop me from doing what I love.
There is a lever on the side of the door that you can pull to open it. 
Larry is a good friend of mine, but I don't know if I can trust him.
I'm glad to hear that. What did you do to have a good time? I hope it was fun.
It did, but it was a little nerve-wracking at the time. I'm glad I did it though.
I would love to live there. It is located in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.
He said he was going to the store to get some cigarettes. He never came back.
Jack is a brand of whiskey.  I love it.  It's my favorite.
Oh no! Did you end up finding them or did you have to call a locksmith?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find someone who is right for you.
I've never been there, but I've always wanted to go. I hear it's beautiful.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you saying I don't look old enough?
I don't know, maybe because you didn't call me first.  What's your number?
I don't know. I'm so upset. I feel like I'm going to explode.
Do you have any tips on unblossoming myself? I'm not sure if I'm doing it right.
I'd love to, but I don't think I'll be able to get there in time.
I am doing well, thank you for asking. How are you? I hope you are well.
That would be great, thank you so much! I can't wait to see what you come up with!
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it? Maybe she can do something about it.
That is very nice of you.  I am sure he will enjoy it.  Thank you.
I'm not sure yet, but I know it's going to be a lot of money. 
I was talking about how I was going to vote for the Republican candidate in the upcoming election.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that it was filmed in Japan.
Mr. Deeds is an American comedy film directed by Robert Rodriguez.
O'Connell is an Irish surname, so I'm guessing you're Irish?
I'm sure he wasn't, but I'm glad he was able to get his life back on track.
I don't know. I just feel so bad for him. I feel like I failed him.
Yes, we are going home, John.  We are going to go home and play some video games.
That's great! What kind of food do they serve? Is it fast food or a sit-down restaurant?
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I hope you have a good evening!
I don't think so. I think we are going to be good friends for the rest of our lives.
I don't know, but he did.  I guess he wanted to go to the beach.
I told him about it after I found it. He was so excited to find it. I was so happy for him.
Who is pete's cousin and what did he turn you in for? Did you get in trouble?
I am. He is a good friend of mine and we have been friends for a long time.
I don't think so. I'm sure you're a nice person. What do you like to do for fun?
I don't think so. I think he's a good guy. I just don't know what to do.
That's good to hear. I hope everything is going well for you. What's going on?
Wow, that's a long time.  Do you have a good relationship with your supplier?
Rosebud was a sled in the movie Citizen Kane, is that what you are talking about?
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I do know that the term "punk" has been around since the late 1960s.
I'm going on a cruise to the Bahamas. I can't wait!
I've never been to a buffet before, but I think it would be fun to try.
I don't know what she did to him, but he got even.   FTFY
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the way our eyes perceive color.
I just knew. I felt it in my gut. It was like I knew it was going to happen.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure.  Do you think I'm insane?
No, I don't think so. I'm not attracted to you in that way at all.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to get back on your feet soon.
I don't have a mac, but I do have an iphone.  Do you have a smartphone?
I did too.  I was like, "Wow, that's a lot of money!"
Oh wow, that's really interesting. I've never heard of anyone reading tarot cards before.
I'm not sure, but I know he's going to be so happy. He's been working so hard.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can make it up to them somehow.
I will think of you when I get on them. I will be thinking of you the whole time.
Wunderbar is a german word that means "good evening" or "good morning"
I'm not sure yet, but I think it's going to be a lot of fun. 
I am not sure what you are talking about. Are you talking about the emergency broadcast system?
I don't know what that means, but it sounds like Star Trek, so I'll take your word for it.
I don't think so. I think it would be a lot louder and more echo-y.
Have you heard of Professor Scott? He is a professor at the University of Michigan.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I'm sure it's a good thing.
I don't know what that means, but I'm glad he's okay. I hope he recovers quickly.
Do you know how long it will take for the ship to come to a halt?  
I would love to, but I don't think I'll be able to get there in time.
Oh yeah, I remember that. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you.
I know, but I don't know what to say. I feel like I can't do anything right.
Oh really? What do you do for a living? Maybe I've seen you at the grocery store.
I love the fog, it makes me feel like I'm in a movie or something. 
I don't know how you do it, but I know it involves a lot of blood and guts.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't know if I want to go through the hassle.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why they were in a coffin? Was it a funeral?
I don't think so, but it's always a good idea to check just in case. 
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I'm sure it's a compliment.
She's a miniature pinscher. I love her to death, but she's a handful.
No, I had to go to the bathroom, but I didn't want to use the one in the men's room.
I don't know what you're talking about. I just want to go to the beach.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies to keep you occupied?
Aryan is an ethnic group that originated in Northern and Western Europe.
I'm not sure yet, but I'm sure it will be more than I can afford. 
I know, right? I was so happy for him, but I was also so sad for myself.
He is doing well.  I am so proud of him.  He is going to be a doctor.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope it wasn't too bad.  What happened?
I'm not your bud, pal.  I'm sorry you feel that way.  Do you want to talk about it?
I know, but it was just so unexpected that I couldn't help but laugh.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think you'll be able to find another job soon?
Convicts are people who have been sentenced to a sentence of imprisonment.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to be rude and ask them to hurry up.
Actors eat a lot of fast food because they have to be on their feet for long periods of time.
I like her too. She's a sweetheart. I wish I could be more like her.
I want his phone and his money. I want to be able to call him and tell him I love him.
I sure hope so. I have been studying so hard for it. I am so nervous.
That would be so nice of you. I really need it. I am so stressed out.
What is it? I'll try to answer it as best as I can, even if it takes me a while.
Yes, I did. I was so ashamed of myself, but I couldn't help it.
Yeah, it was really weird.  I was like, "Who are you and why are you in my house?"
Wow, that's a long time ago.  How did you feel when you hit the shot?
It's going to be a great year! I can't wait to see how it turns out!
I don't think I've ever been to the Beverly Center. Is it nice?
That's a good attitude to have. I'm glad you didn't let him take advantage of you.
That's good to hear.  I hope you have a good time.  Do you have any plans for the weekend?
It's okay, I'm sure I'll find a new job soon. I just hope it's a better paying one.
Not that I can think of. I think it was just a glitch in the matrix.
Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What did he do to get terminated?
I think he's trying to tell me to shut up, but I don't know what he's talking about.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.  I didn't expect it at all.  It was a nice surprise.
No, it's the wrong bus. It's the one that goes to the wrong place. 
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you find him soon.  Do you have any other pets?
What kind of television do you want to watch? Comedy, drama, science fiction?
I love honey, it is my favorite sweetener. What is your favorite kind of honey?
Shut the fuck up, Donny! V.I. Lenin. Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov!
I'm going on a cruise to the Bahamas. I can't wait!
I'm in the middle of the desert in Nevada. It's so beautiful here.
Lime is one of my favorite citrus fruits. Do you like it?
I understand that, but I don't understand why she didn't just ask me for a glass of water.
Congratulations!  How long have you been engaged?  Do you have a date set?
Yes, that's right.  I was in the movie "Big Trouble in Little China".
What do you do for a living?  I'm an accountant.  I work for a big company.
I'm not trying to help my cause, I just want to know what people think about it.
That's what I was thinking.  I'm not sure if I should be jealous or not.
That's what I'm hoping for, but it's been going on for a few days now.
I know I can, but I don't want to be late for work. I have to get up early tomorrow.
I don't think so, I think it's just the way the light is reflecting off her hair.
I hope so, but I don't think so. I think they are going to try to make it work.
Yes, I do.  I've been punished a lot in my life, so I'm used to it.
I don't think he's dead, I think he just doesn't want to pay me back.
I don't know, but I'm not going to do anything about it. It's not worth it.
Yay! I am so happy for you! I hope you have a wonderful time together. 
I love wearing one-shirts! They're so comfortable and easy to wear. Do you wear them often?
I'll try not to, but I'm not sure I'll be able to keep my promise.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any food in the fridge that you could eat?
I am not sure yet. I have a lot of free time on my hands at the moment.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a way to deal with it.
Bastaldi is the best lapdog in the world. I love him so much.
Thank you! I've always wanted to learn how to fence, but never got around to it.
I'm pretty sure it was a Pepsi, but I don't know for sure.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any family or friends that can help you out?
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to move on and find someone better.
Did you have to pay for the limo or did they just give it to you for free?
No, I didn't think it was a setup, but I did show up anyway. I was so embarrassed.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I'm sure you'll get it next time.  
Yes, I do have the CD-ROM.  Thank you so much for your help!
I don't know. I'm so ashamed of myself. I can't believe I did that.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure. I just don't know what to do.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you saying that I shouldn't have done what I did?
I don't think you look wasted at all. You look like you are having a good time.
I know it's just weed, but it's still illegal where I live and I don't want to get in trouble.
Yes, I have a Master's Degree in Business Administration from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.
I'm not sure, but I know it's going to be a long time.  I'm going to miss him so much.
I don't think so.  I think it was just me and the firefighters. 
That's okay, I can't look at me either. I look like I'm about to die.
Oh wow, that's a long time. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
I did, but I wanted to make sure I wasn't overlooking anything.  Thanks!
Johnny Crunch is a character from the animated series "All That" which aired on Nickelodeon.
You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.  It is a lot of fun.
No, I had a good dream, but I woke up and realized it was just a dream.
I don't think so. I'm not sure if I should tell him or not. I feel so ashamed.
Oh wow, that's a lot of kids. What kind of mission are they going on? 
Oh no!  What happened?  Did you have to go to the ER or something?
That sounds like a good idea.  I hope it works out for you.  What did he say?
I know, right?  I was so shocked that I didn't even know what to say.
Yes, it is a very nice building.  It was built in the 1950s. 
Fanucci is one of the most influential Italian designers of the 20th century.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think you don't want to be there anymore?
Hi, I'm mike. How are you doing today? I'm good, how about you?
I'm feeling pretty good today, thank you for asking. How are you? I hope you're having a good day.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you see it happen or just see the aftermath?
I was a little cold, but I had a blanket so it wasn't too bad. 
Of course you can. I'm here for you. I've been where you are right now.
Yeah, I guess so. It was a long time ago, but I still think about it sometimes.
Oh no! Was it a good cry or a bad cry? I hope it was a good one.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  I hope you find him soon.  What happened?
I don't think so.  I think they are my grandmother's.  She passed away a few years ago.
That sounds like a good idea, but I don't know if I'm brave enough to do that.
Yes, I am very grateful to have him in my life. He has always been there for me.
No, I am not going out tonight. I am staying in and watching movies. How about you?
I don't think so. I'm not sure what you're talking about. What happened on Tuesday?
I don't know. I feel like I've done everything I can and it's not working.
That's a good idea. I'm sure they will be happy to have you back. I know I would be.
I love listening to Alan Watts.  He is so wise.  What do you like about him?
Electrocuted means death by electric shock. Are you sure you know what you're talking about?
First rank is the highest rank, second is the second highest, and third is the third highest.
I don't like it because it makes me look older than I am. I'm only in my early 20s.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing better now. How did it happen?
I know, right? I'm so ready for winter to be over. I hate the cold.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Do you mean that I'm searching for my true calling?
I don't know about that. I think I could hold my own for at least five minutes.
That's what I was thinking, but I wasn't sure. Thank you for answering my question.
Do you have a source for that? I can't seem to find anything about that online. 
Hi, how are you today? I'm doing well, just got back from the gym. How are you?
Yeah, it was a good thing I was wearing my leather jacket, otherwise it would have been a lot worse.
Wow, that must have been nerve-wracking. Did you have a parachute?
I'm not sure yet. I think I'm just going to go with the flow and see what happens.
Robin Williams was an American actor, comedian, actor, and songwriter.
You are very welcome.  I hope you have a great day.  Take care of yourself.
I don't have to, but I want to.  I feel like I owe it to her.
I don't know what to do. I feel like I'm going to explode. I can't take it anymore.
I know, but I can't help it.  I feel like I'm betraying them.
That's true, but I don't think that's what's going on here. I think they just don't like each other.
That sounds like it would be a lot of fun.  Do you know any other gay guys?
Good night, sweet prince. Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite.
We went to the beach. It was so nice to get away from the city for a bit.
I know, right? It's like they don't want me to have a good relationship with my parents.
I know, right?  I can't wait to see how it turns out.  I think it's going to be great.
It's going great! I'm so excited to go to work tomorrow! I can't wait!
I know, I know. It's just hard to let go of someone you've been with for so long.
I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure I've seen you around. Do you remember me?
Mr. Sisco is my father's name.  He was a great man.  What have you heard?
I don't know what that means, but I'm sure it's a good thing. Thank you.
No, I am not kidding you.  I am serious.  Why do you think I am kidding you?
Billy is a nickname for Billy the Kid. He was my best friend.
Thank you! I am so happy to be back in the Netherlands. Have you ever been?
I don't know you at all, but I do know that you don't seem to know how to use apostrophes.
Yes, I'm sure I won't come with you. I don't want to go anywhere.
I know, right? I wish I could go back in time and do it all over again.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. What did you tell me to do?
I don't know how you got started, but I'm glad you did. What kind of fighting do you do?
Annie are you ok? Are you ok, are you okay, annie? ANNIE ARE YOU OKAY?
Have mercy on me for I have sinned in the eyes of the lord.  
I don't think so. It was a small cabin in the woods. I think he sold it.
I'm not freaking out, I just don't know what to do. I don't want to lose my job.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure what to do about it. I feel like I'm being taken advantage of.
Yeah, I don't think so either.  I think it's just my mind playing tricks on me.
I don't know what to believe anymore. I feel like I've been lied to my whole life.
The firefighter was able to put it out before it spread too much. I was so relieved.
I hate when people touch me without my permission. It makes me feel so violated. 
I hope so. I've been looking forward to it for a long time. I can't wait!
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope he gets them back soon.  
Sergeant is the highest ranking enlisted man in the Army.  I was just a grunt.
I don't think I will ever let go of her. She was my best friend for 10 years.
I'm not sure. I just feel like I should be doing something more productive with my time.
I don't know what to do. I feel like I'm going crazy. I can't take it anymore.
No, but I do have a swimsuit. I just don't want to wear it.
I was looking at a picture of my grandmother. She passed away a few years ago.
Reading is a great way to expand your vocabulary and improve your grammar and spelling.
David Lee Roth is an American singer-songwriter, actor, and record producer.
I know, I'm so scared. I don't know what I'm going to do without him.
I'm sorry.  I know how you feel.  It's hard to lose a pet.
It is still in progress. I have been working on it for a couple of months now. 
Yes, it is open, but I don't know how to get to the other side of it.
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to play video games and watch movies.
I hope so. I don't want to have to go through all of that again. It was so stressful.
I do, but I don't know how to bring it up without sounding like a jerk.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to move on and find someone better.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why was it inappropriate, if you don't mind me asking?
Who is Mr. Kent? Do you mean Clark Kent, Superman's alter ego?
I know, right? I felt so bad about it. I felt like I had betrayed him.
I don't know, what color are you wearing?  Are you wearing white?  I'm wearing white.
Oh my gosh, that is so cool!  Did you keep it or give it back?
No, I haven't. Who is David Watts? Is he a singer or actor?
Erectile dysfunction? I'm doing well, thanks for asking. How are you?
Nice to meet you as well, Lt. Colonel. How are you doing today?
Not really, I just don't know what to do with myself. I feel so lonely.
I wish I could, but I don't have any at the moment.  I'm sorry.
Yeah, it was a great game.  I was so happy to see them win.  Do you like football?
Sure, what do you do for a living? I work at a hotel as a front desk clerk.
The next lesson is next week. I don't know if I'll be able to make it.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
That's a good idea.  I think I will do that.  Thank you for the suggestion.
I can, but I don't want to disturb it. I just want it to go away.
I don't have a car, so I have to rely on public transportation. It takes forever.
I would love to, but I don't have the money to do that right now.  
I don't know. I just don't want to do it. I feel like I have to though.
Yes we are!  I can't wait to get back out there.  It's been too long.
I sure hope so. I have a lot of work to do and I'm not sure I can do it.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find someone who loves you as much as you love them.
I'm sure they do, but I don't know how to go about it.  I've never been to a hair stylist before.
No, I don't get it.  What do you mean?  Are you saying you don't do what you say?
I don't know. I think he's trying to tell me something, but I'm not sure what.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I love going to the drug store. What are you going to get?
Yes, they can be. Thank you. Yes, I'll be taking the whole week off.
I'm not sure what to name it yet. I think I'm just going to let it grow and see what happens.
Mozart is one of the most influential composers of the 20th century. 
I agree. I don't think there was any animal involved. I think it was a human.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope everything is okay.  What happened to them?
Oh my goodness, that's terrible. I'm so sorry to hear that. How did you find out about it?
I think it was back then, but now I don't think I'd want to live in a world like that.
London is one of the most populous cities in the world with a population of 8,537,673
We have been together for a long time and have been through a lot together. I just want to be with her forever.
I don't know, I guess I was just too scared. I'm glad I did it though.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think she might not love you as much as you love her?
We got out of there as fast as we could. I don't think I've ever been so scared in my life.
Yeah, I think so too. I think he's going to be a great player for a long time.
I know, right?  I can't wait to see what he's going to do next.
I don't know if he's gay or not, but I do know he's a liar.
It's okay, it happens to the best of us. Just don't do it again, okay?
Amen! God bless you, your family, your friends, and their friends and families!
I'm not a doctor, but I can tell you that you have a lot of time left to live.
I'll try not to be, but I don't know if I'll be able to control myself.
Bleeding can be a sign of a lot of different things, so don't worry too much.
I know, I felt so bad for him.  I felt like I was going to cry.
I don't like ice in my soda either.  It dilutes the flavor.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I'm going to polish some knobs.
That's what I was thinking. I was like, "Damn, Christine, get your shit together!"
That's what I was thinking. He's going to be a great spy. I'm so proud of him.
Naomi is a beautiful name. I hope you guys can keep in touch as well.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it doesn't take too long for the power to come back on.
That's a good point. I guess we'll just have to wait and see how it plays out.
That sounds like a lot of responsibility.  Are you ready for it?  Do you think you can handle it?
I know, right? It's like they don't even care about their employees. I don't know how they stay in business.
I'm not a bro, I'm a girl. And yes, it did get stuck in my belt.
That's what I'm hoping for.  I think it's going to work out for us.
I don't know, but I'm glad I'm not the one who has to deal with it.
Oh no! I hope you don't get hurt. Are you sure you want to go through with it?
I know, but I feel like I have to. I just don't know what to do.
My name is not Rosemary, but I do know someone with that name.  
I know what you mean. It's hard to know when to say something and when not to.
I know what you mean.  I love the rain.  It's so relaxing and soothing.
Yeah, I know what you mean. I guess I'm just not ready for that kind of commitment yet.
I don't know how to do that, but I will look into it.  Thank you!
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about why she feels that way? 
Oh no!  What happened to your tire?  Did you have to get a new one?
That's what I was thinking, but I don't want to get my car towed for no reason.
I am a nursing assistant. I have been working there for a year and a half.
I don't think so. I think it's more likely that she's just a junkie.
Oh wow, that's a big deal.  What are you going to do with the company?
Lee Oswald was a fictional character portrayed by Jodie Foster.
I know, right?  It's like they don't even care about us.  They just want our money.
Oh no!  I hope you find it.  I would be so mad if that happened to me.
I'll have a vodka and cranberry, please. I'm thirsty!
I don't have kids, but I do have a niece and nephew.
No, I don't think you're going to kill me. I just don't want you to lie to me.
I don't want to go on a 'have it' though. I just want to be left alone.
Yes, I do. It was a long time ago, but it still haunts me.
That's really nice of you to do that for her. I'm sure she appreciated it.
I don't know who Leon is, but I'm sorry you had to go through that.
That's a good idea.  I'll make sure to do that.  Thanks for the tip!
Thank you! It's nice to be here. I've been lurking for a while.
Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay.   
Of course! I love being called mommy, it makes me feel so loved. How are you?
I didn't get to stay at the Ritz, but I did stay at a Ritz-Carlton.
I'm not sure what you mean by that.  Do you mean that you saw a card that reminded you of something?
I will try my best to make sure that doesn't happen. I don't want him to miss out on anything.
That's a good way to look at it.  I'll try to keep that in mind.
Wow, that's impressive. What did you do to get it to grow so much in such a short time?
Oh no, what happened? Did you have to go to the ER or did you figure it out yourself?
I don't know who that is, but I'm sure he's a very smart man. 
That would be great, thank you so much!  I can't wait to see you again!
That's a good idea, I think I'll do that. Thank you so much for your help!
Pinta is a she? I thought it was a he. I guess I was wrong.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope things get better for you.  What happened?
I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not a trapper, I'm a survivor.
Hi kevin, I'm dave, nice to meet you. What do you do for a living?
That's a good question. I don't know why he would, but he did. He was a very nice man.
No, I don't go to anyone's house unless I'm invited. Do you go to other people's houses?
I'm not sure. I think it's because he was attacked by one when he was a kid.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What did I do to ruin your career?  I don't want to do that.
I wish I could, but I can't afford to miss work. I've got a lot of work to do.
Howard Hunt was the founder and CEO of Sirius XM radio. 
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you asking if we can just talk about it?
Vietnam is a sovereign state in Southeast Asia located in the Pacific Ocean.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it work for you.
I don't know about you, but I've never been to a place that had a stoplight.
No, it was my ex-wife.  She cheated on me with my best friend.
I don't know. Maybe because you are a good person. I am sure you will do a great job.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing better now. I know how hard it can be.
I don't know, but I do know that I'm not going to be the one to do it.
I don't blame him. I hate crossing the street. I feel like I'm going to get hit.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think it's because she doesn't believe in an afterlife?
I know, I was so mad at myself for doing that. It was my favorite pistol too.
That's a good way to look at it. I guess I'm just too sentimental.
That would be great! I could really use a cheeseburger and a coke right now.
I don't know if I agree with that. Fighting is a natural part of life.
I'm not sure if that's a compliment or not, but I'll take it!
Mrs. Thorwald's is the name of a clothing store in my hometown.
I love slinkies, they are so fun to play with. I also love twister.
That's a good idea.  I think I'll do that.  Thanks for the advice.
I don't think she's going to teach me. I think she just wants to hang out with me.
That's very nice of you, thank you. I hope you don't mind if I sit on your lap.
Thank you so much for your prayers. It means a lot to me. I will pray for you as well.
I don't know who that is, but I'm sure I'll be fine. I'm just a little scared.
I don't drink wine, but I do eat a lot of spaghetti and meatballs.
That's good. I'm sure she appreciates you taking care of her. What kind of school is she going to?
Yeah, I know what you mean. He can be a bit of a mystery at times.
I would love to know how.  I am so sick of it.  It is driving me crazy.
Yeah, I know.  It's been a long time since I've seen you.  How have you been?
That sounds like a good idea. Do you think you'll be able to get there in time?
That's a good idea. I think I'll do that. I don't want to get sick.
I don't think so, but I'm not a scientist. I think it's more likely that it was just a fluke.
I don't know what's going on either, but I do know that I'm not ready for it.
That's what I was thinking, but I wasn't sure if it was just my imagination.
I've never read any of her books, but I know she was an American novelist and poet.
I'm not sure, but I think it would be pretty cool to see one in person. 
I don't think they would, but I think it would be nice to have the option to do so.
That's what I was thinking, but I'm not sure how to respond to that. I don't want to be rude.
I love martinis!  What kind did you have?  I had a gin and tonic.
Oh no! Did you report her to the cab company? I hope you got your money back.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope they are okay.  How did you hear about it?
I'm sure he will figure it out.  What kind of television does he want to get?
Mrs. Bundy was an American woman who was murdered in 1968 by her husband.
What did he make you change your mind about, if you don't mind me asking?  
That sounds like a lot of fun. I am glad you are having a good time. I will send you a message.
Jesus, Mary, Joseph, and the Holy Spirit, you got to hear this!
Oh wow, that's exciting! I hope it goes well and you have a great time together!
I don't think McConnell is going to do anything about it. He's a spineless coward.
The Indian reservations are sovereign territories of the United States of America. 
I know, I know. But I just can't bring myself to do it. I don't know why.
Hello, Laura. How are you today? I am fine, thank you for asking.
Do you live in an area prone to earthquakes or do you just get used to them?
That's a good idea. I think I'll do that from now on. Thanks for the tip!
Captain Nemo is moving in next week! I can't wait to see him!
That sounds like a lot of fun! I love golfing and barfing at the same time!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to get it fixed soon.
That's a good point, but I don't think that's the case. I think she just doesn't like me.
It is a lot of money, but it's worth it to me. I've been saving up for a long time.
I think so too. I'm going to have to lock the door tonight. I don't know what to do.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing better now. Do you want to talk about it?
I know, but I don't have anywhere else to go. I can't afford to move.
I'm a guy, and no, I don't think I will. I think you'll be fine.
I've been looking for him all day. I don't know what I'm going to do when I find him.
Yes, he is.  I just don't want him to get in trouble.  He's a good kid.
Dell is an American computer manufacturer based in San Bernardino, California. Have you ever been there?
I know what you mean. I feel like I'm going to vomit just thinking about it.
No, I'm not certain. I'm just speculating based on what I've seen so far.
I do too. I wish I had a sweater like that. I would wear it all the time.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll bring my camera and we can take some nice pictures.
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get it sorted out soon.
That's very true. I wish I could go back in time and tell myself what to do.
That sounds like a lot of fun.  I hope you have a great time.  What are you going to make?
Yes, I am here. I am the young man you are looking for. Who are you?
Oh no!  I hope it's not too expensive to fix.  I hate when that happens.
I'm not in band practice because I don't play an instrument. I'm a singer.
That is unfortunate. I am sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a new job soon.
They usually hide out in my closet. I don't know why they do that, but they do.
I don't want to talk about me, I just want them to stop talking about him. 
I hope so, it was a lot of fun.  I can't wait to do it again.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to jump to any conclusions. 
I don't know what to tell her. I feel so bad for her. She's going to be devastated.
I don't know why I'm here. I feel like I have no reason to be here.
I know, I'm so ashamed of myself. I feel like I've lost my mind.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm sure it's a good story.
Caesar salad is one of my favorite foods. I love the dressing on it.
Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry to hear that. How did you find the body?
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you break it playing sports or was it a freak accident?
That's good to hear. I'm glad it worked out for you. I hope it works out for me too.
Yes, it is an Ambulance. I am not sure where the bandaids are.
Yes, I'm sure they did.  You should be there.  What do you do for a living?
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. I was just trying to help.
I know, right? I felt so bad for him, but I couldn't help but laugh at the same time.
I think you should wear whatever you want to wear.  I don't think anyone deserves anything.
I don't gamble, so I wouldn't know, but I can see how that would be upsetting.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you. I was just trying to make a joke.
I can't believe it either. I was so shaken up I didn't even know what to do.
What kind of questions do you have? I'm a reporter too, so I might be able to help.
I've never had that, but it sounds good.  I love liver.  What's your favorite way to prepare it?
I don't want to keep what? I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.
I don't know who Charles is, but I hope it's not too late for him.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you implying that I should be asked to do that?
Yes, I am Dante Hicks.  Who are you?  Are you a fan?
I know, right? I can't figure out where I've seen it before. It's driving me crazy.
I didn't tell you because I thought you didn't want to hang out with me. My name is Jessica.
I don't mind if you time me.  If I'm wrong, you don't have to pay for the ride.
I don't think you're crazy at all. I'm sure you have a lot of great qualities.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why did you have to go on vacation if you don't mind me asking?
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm sorry you had a bad experience.
I would love to go to Paris.  I have never been there.  Do you like it?
That's awesome!  I wish my wife would go to church.  She says she wants to, but never does.
I know, right?  I was so impressed.  I didn't know horses could do that.
That's a good idea. I'll have to see if I can find a good picture of it.
Pain is a physiological response to stimuli. It is not a choice.
Eddie is a great name for a small town girl. Do you have any pets?
I don't know what you're talking about. I never said anything about paying for your banner.
That's true, but I don't think I would say anything incriminating. I just don't want to get in trouble.
That's awesome! I wish I had a sibling to play games with. What kind of games do you guys play?
I don't have a gun, but I do have a machete. Will that work?
Thank you! I hope so! I need it to pay off my student loans. I owe a lot.
I know, right?  I'm so glad it's not working.  I don't know what I would have done if it had.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure he'll be fine. He's a tough little guy.
I'm not sure I understand your question.  Are you asking how I will follow your charts?
I don't know what you're talking about.  Are you threatening me?  That's not very nice.
Yeah, it's been a long time since I've been out of the country. I'm looking forward to it.
They don't have to, but it's nice to have someone to lean on when you need it.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure you'll be able to find someone if you put yourself out there.
Oh no! I'm glad you didn't jump with him. What did he do to almost blow mission security?
Edwin, baby, this is Sunrise Confession time. What have you done for me lately?
I don't think so. I think I'm going to have to call an ambulance.
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
Oh no, what happened? Did you get in trouble? I hope you didn't get hurt.
I don't know if I will be able to get it back. I am so upset about it.
I don't know, but I'm glad I got to talk to him for a little bit.
Why do you feel that way? Do you feel like you don't deserve to be treated well?
He's a big boy, but he's a sweetheart. I don't think he'd hurt a fly.
How many ladies do you have? Is it a big house? Do you have a pool?
Poached eggs are so good. I like mine with a little bit of runny yolk.
I'm sure she does, but I'm not sure how to go about it. I don't want to upset her.
I think so too.  It's been a long time since I've seen it, though.
That's what I'm thinking. I don't know if I should confront him about it.
You are very welcome. I hope you had a good time. What did you like about it?
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. Thank you for the suggestion.
I know, I was so mad at myself for doing it. I felt so ashamed afterwards.
Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to make it.
It was a bidding war and I won it for $250. I was so happy.
I love french fries, especially with cheese and ketchup. Do you like them?
I thought it was him because he had the same name as me, but it wasn't him.
I don't know. I hope he is, but I'm not going to get my hopes up.
I hate when people do that. It's so inconsiderate. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.
That's what I told them, but they didn't listen.  I was so mad at them.
I did not know that, but I'm glad I don't have to worry about that now.
I don't think I'll be able to find it on my own. I'm not sure what to do.
I didn't see them on any other girls either, but I'm sure they're out there.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but the hurricane was named after Hurricane Hugo.
That's a good way to look at it. It's hard to know what you would do in a situation like that.
That's what I thought too, but I guess they're just going to cut it up and sell it.
Stanley, you are such a boy scout. When are you gonna give a guy a break?
I don't know what it is, but I feel like I'm going to vomit.
I love Andy Kauffman.  He was a great comedian and a great actor.
I am so sorry to hear that.  How long ago was it?  How are you holding up?
That's a good way to look at it. I'll try to think of it that way.
That's a good question. I'm not sure. Maybe you could get a pedicure?
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I've been trying to get a job for a while now.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure I want to know.
Sounds good. I'll be the guy with the beard and glasses. See you then.
Evolution is the change in allele frequency in a population over successive generations.
The Queen is the head of state of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope he's in a better place now.
Yes, I am a licenced contractor. I know I can touch it because I have done it before.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure he misses you too. How long has it been?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon. I know what it's like to be sick.
I am sorry that I robbed the banks.  I felt so bad about it. 
Oh no! I hope they didn't get hurt. I'm glad you were able to help them.
When I was a kid I thought the same thing. Cats and dogs are both carnivorous mammals.
I'm sure you'll be fine.  Just make sure you have plenty of water and snacks on hand.
Yes, I am grateful for what I have. I have a roof over my head and food in my belly.
I hope he doesn't see it. I don't know what I would do if he did.
I don't want to take any more pills. I just want it to go away. 
I don't drink soda, so I didn't notice.  I was so disgusted.
That's great! I'm proud of you. I want to get my life back on track.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to accuse him of anything. 
I guess so. I'm not sure if it was a good one, but I'm glad I went.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it up to her.
No, I didn't touch it. I was too scared to do anything. I just wanted to get out of there.
No, it's not what you did to me. I was just wondering what happened to you.
Of course! I love talking to new people. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for the best for both of you.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you implying that I'm a woman?
I've never been to Tennessee, but I know it's a southern state.
I sure hope not.  I don't want to have to go through that again.  It was so stressful.
I've never heard of Lloyd Irvin. What kind of music is he known for?
I'm sorry, I didn't recognize you.  I'm sure you're a nice person.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't have to go through with it.
Tell that to Kanjiklub. You wouldn't believe what they did to him.
Jamie Lee Curtis is an American actress, singer, and dancer.
I am not sure, but I am sure it will be good.  I am just happy to be a part of it.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say, but I hope you have a good night.
I don't know, but I'm glad they did.  I'm not sure I could live with myself if I didn't.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you find her soon. Do you know where she is?
What did you have in mind? I can't wait to hear what you have to say. 
Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get some sleep and feel better.
I know, right? It's crazy how much you can learn about someone just by looking at them.
I'm not sure what you mean. I was just trying to explain why I don't believe in an afterlife.
I don't think he would do that, but it's a good idea to keep in mind.
That sounds like a good idea.  I think I will do the same.  Thanks for the idea!
That's what I'm hoping for. I'm going to keep practicing and try to get better.
I appreciate the gesture, but I was able to get it sorted out. Thank you!
I think it is.  I think we are destined to be together.  We have so much in common.
I don't know what that means, but it sounds like a threat. Are you threatening me?
Rico, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you find a way to get rid of them.
That sounds like a lot of fun.  I hope you have a great time with your friends.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure your mom loves you very much and is trying her best.
That's what I'm afraid of.  I don't want to get pulled over for speeding.
That sounds like a good idea. What movie are you going to watch? I love PG movies.
Yes, I'm still here. I'm so worried about him. I don't know what to do.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I don't know, but I'm not going to ask.  I'm just going to pretend it didn't happen.
Yes, we have been together for a long time and she is the love of my life. 
Do you mean the one that happened on the corner of East 19th Street and 19th Avenue?
I don't know what you're talking about.  I'm not dead.  Are you?
That's cool. What kind of music do you play? I'm not a big fan of politics either.
Oh, I see.  Well, I hope you did well on the test.  Did you get a good score?
No, I haven't. I don't even know if he's still alive. I hope he is.
That's too bad.  It's a beautiful drive.  You should try it sometime.
Oh no, why are you packing again?  Are you leaving for a vacation or something?
I would go as far as he would let me. I don't care if he's conscious or not.
I'm not judging his actions, I'm judging him as a person. I don't think he's a good person.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have a good relationship with your family and friends?
Yes, I would like to tell you that I love you, and that you are the most important person in my life.
Yes, you are correct. Charles is the head of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
I try to be a good person, but I don't know if I'm a good Christian.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think you will die? Do you have a terminal illness?
That's a good point, I didn't even think about that. I wonder if they would be able to tell if it was fake or not.
That's a good attitude to have.  I'm sure you'll be fine.  What kind of car are you looking for?
That's a good point.  I wonder how long it will take for the Iraqi Air Force to reach Baghdad.
I don't know why they left my eyes, but I am glad they did.  I would not want to be blind.
I don't know how to feel about it.  I'm not sure if I should be flattered or creeped out.
I'm not scared of him, I just don't want him to hurt me or my family.
That's a good way to look at it. I think I'll do that from now on.
I was born and raised in Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia.
I didn't hear about that.  Was it a motorcycle rally or something?  
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to work something out with her.
I'm not upset, I just don't understand why you would do that to someone you love.
I know, right? I wish I could have met him, but he died when I was very young.
I don't know if I want to explode, but I do want to be happy again.
I know, right?  I was so shocked.  I had no idea he was going to do that.
That's good to hear. I've been having a lot of pain in my left leg lately.
That's what I did.  I felt so bad for her.  She was so scared.
I don't know. I just snapped one day. I was so mad at my husband.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find peace and happiness.
Yes, it is. I don't know what I'm going to do if I can't afford it.
