When you find out she's a lesbian and you're still in love with her.
I'm sure they did, but they didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Oh no, that's terrible.  I hope they're okay.  Do you know how long they'll be out?
I don't know what that means, but I'll take it as a compliment. 
Arsenal deserved to win. They were the better team on the day and deserved the victory.
That's very true. I'm not sure what I'm going to do if he gets elected.
Dinner cookies are the best cookies. I'm glad you like it so much.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it gets better for you in the future. Have you tried online dating?
That sounds like a good way to spend your time. I don't have a twitter account though.
I am glad you are enjoying it.  It is one of my favorites.  Have you read it before?
Espero que tengas razón, por eso estoy de acuerdo contigo.
I don't think it was an assassination attempt, but I do think they were trying to incite violence.
Sturgeon is an Irish politician, right? I don't know much about her.
I don't think that would be a good idea. I'm not sure she would do it.
Yes, it is.  I hope he continues to tweet like this.  It is inspiring.
I know, right? I'm so glad I don't have to deal with that anymore. 
I don't think she has a maid, but I'm sure she has someone to do that for her.
Couldn't care less. Could care less implies that you care at least a little bit.
The Jazz aren't that good? They have the best record in the NBA right now.
That's so cool! What kind of bike lock are you going to make? I'd love to see it when it's done.
I don't remember that, but I do remember a lot of people saying they didn't think they would make the playoffs.
It's not over yet, but I think it's safe to say it's over for now.
That sounds like a good plan. What is the essay about? Are you nervous about it?
The FBI is part of the executive branch of the government of the United States of America.
I know! I can't wait to cast my vote for the first time in my life! 
Wow, I didn't realize it was that old.  It was released as a single in 2003.
You're welcome. I hope you have a good time. I'll see you next time. 
I don't know about that. I think she's standing up for what she thinks is right.
You're welcome! I love that show. It's one of my favorites to watch with my kids.
I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. It's one of my favorite shows of all time.
Yeah, I thought so too. I was surprised to see that it was published in 2009.
Courtney Kubrick was an American director, producer, and screenwriter.
Yeah, I know. It's just that I don't know what else to do. I've tried everything I can think of.
Chris Wallace is the chairman of the Democratic National Committee of the United States.
I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope he gets the help he needs.  
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she was Secretary of State.
The state of California is the most populous state in the United States and the second most densely populated.
I'm not fat, I'm just a little chubby. I'm working on it though.
I know.  It's so frustrating.  I don't know what to do about it.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I will pray for you as well. God bless you.
What kind of hat is it? I love hats, I wear them all the time. 
Hillary Clinton is a former First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State. 
That makes sense. I guess it's just hard for me to understand because I've never been in that situation.
That's awesome! What are you looking forward to the most about the 4th of July?
I know, right? It's crazy to think about how long ago it was, and how much has changed since then.
Congratulations! You must be so proud of yourself. What was the topic of the debate?
Yeah, I don't know what it was, but it scared the crap out of me. 
I don't know what idf means, but I'm sure it's not a good thing.
Consumerism is the practice of buying, selling, and trading goods and services for money.
Fact checking is very important, especially when it comes to something as important as the future of our country.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that Hillary told the world that nukes were going to be launched?
I'm a Bernie supporter and I don't care. It's not like she cheated.
Yes, that is what I meant.  I am so excited for it.  It is going to be amazing.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Hillary Clinton won the Democratic Nomination for President.
That's a good way to look at it. I guess I just need to trust that they know what they're doing.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you saying I'm a man who doesn't know what he wants?
I love Colombia! It's my favorite country in Latin America. Have you ever been?
I don't think it has anything to do with being a Republican or a Democrat.  I think it's more of a personality thing.
Yes, the NX is the new Nintendo console that is coming out later this year. It's a hybrid handheld and console.
Allan Lichtman is one of the most respected political scientists in the world.
I don't think it will be too big of a hit. I think they will be able to make it work.
That would be so cool! I would love to see how they do it. I'm sure it's a lot more complicated than I think it is.
That's awesome! I've never been to the Carolinas, but it's on my bucket list.
I don't think they are blaming India. They are just saying that India has a lot of poverty.
I don't think the Bucs are in a position to win a Super Bowl anytime soon.
Wow, that's a lot of money. I wonder if he was trying to cover something up.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you saying that the UK will leave the EU?
I don't know what you're talking about. Mary Grace is a great singer.
I don't believe you.  I'm going to have to try it now.  You know, for science.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Do you think it would be a good idea?
Island folk is a term used to describe people from the islands of Hawaii and Alaska.
I don't think she has a chance at winning the presidency again, but I do think she will be re-elected.
That sounds like a good way to start the day. Did you have a good day at work?
I don't think it's going to be a woman. I think it will be a man.
Oh no! I hate when that happens. Have you tried turning it off and back on again?
Commie Jen is my favorite too! I love how she's always trying to make the world a better place.
I don't even know what to say to that. I'm sorry you had to see that.
Yes, I would. I would do anything to protect my wife and my child. I love my wife more than anything in the world.
I hate when that happens.  Did you end up getting the 8-ball in the end?
I would take that in a heartbeat. Jeremy Maclin is one of the best WRs in the league.
Do you have a link to that? I'd love to see it. I can't believe I missed it.
What do you mean by false information? Do you mean information that turns out to be untrue?
That's a good way to look at it. I think I'm going to call it the Nintendo Switch from now on.
That's a good way to put it. Schools are supposed to prepare you for the real world.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I've never been to either of those places. Have you been there before?
I don't think that's the case at all. Jay-Z and Kanye have been friends for a long time.
I love watching Big Scary Caves on the Discovery Channel. Have you ever seen one?
I don't think he will be able to do that. Unions are very strong in this country.
I have always wanted to go to Australia.  I have heard it is beautiful.  Do you like it there?
That's what she said.  Sorry, I couldn't help it.  I love that movie.
I love turkey!  What kind of turkey was it?  Did you cook it yourself?
Moderators are supposed to be impartial and unbiased. They are not doing their job.
I know, I am so proud of her.  She is going to be a great mother.
That sounds great!  I'll send you an email shortly.  Do you have a website?
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Are you talking about the email scandal?
Live stream your concert! What concert are you going to? I love concerts!
I don't think it will be enough either.  I think we are going to have a bad time.
Obama says a lot of things.  I don't believe a word he says.  He's a liar.
I was looking for a new place to live and it popped up on Zillow. 
I'm not sure, but I'm going to try it.  I think it's worth a shot.
Do you like apples? I love apples. They're so sweet and juicy. 
That's awesome! Congratulations! What kind of job is it, if you don't mind me asking?
Not that I know of, but I'm sure it's out there somewhere.  It's just a theory, after all.
I am so happy for you.  I hope you have a great life.  You deserve it.
I love Jamba Juice!  It's my favorite fast food joint.  
I don't know what that means, but I'm sure it's a compliment. 
Oh no, that's terrible. I hope everyone is safe and the fire is put out quickly.
Megyn Kelly is the host of the Daily Show with Jon Stewart.
I don't know yet, but I'm sure it will be a good one.  I'm looking forward to it.
Wow, that's interesting. Do you know why they do that? Is it a cultural thing?
I will try not to, but it is so hard not to. I feel like I am not living up to my potential.
I would love that too, but I'm not sure if it's going to happen anytime soon.
Crock pots are the best!  What are you going to make in it? 
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you smoke a lot of cigars?  I've never smoked a cigar in my life.
Approved by who? The Senate? The House? The Supreme Court?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Why are you not replying to them anymore? 
China and North Korea have been at each other's throats for a long time. I don't think it will end well.
I know what you mean. It's like they think you owe them something for being nice to you.
Jerry Falwell Jr. is a prominent evangelical preacher.
That's true, but they will be able to lease the technology to other car manufacturers.
I agree. I think she's doing a great job. I hope she stays on for a long time.
Dolan Dmz is a funny name for a rapper. Is he any good?
I know, I was really looking forward to it. I guess I'll have to wait for the next one.
The Clinton Foundation is one of the largest charitable organizations in the world.
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to get home.
Thanks for the encouragement! We will do our best to keep up the good work!  
That's a good idea, I'll have to try that out. Thanks for the tip! 
I have been to the Clyde Frasier Museum. It is a museum dedicated to the man.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you been through any traumatic events in your life?
Improvisation is one of my favorite types of music to listen to. Do you play an instrument?
I don't know if she is or not, but I do know that she was born and raised in New York City.
He was also a warlord, slave trader, pedophile, and murderer.
I don't know if he was or wasn't, but I do know that I was not.
I'm not trying to show off, I just want to know if I'm doing it right.
I don't think we should help anyone who doesn't want to be helped. If they don't want help, why should we give it to them?
That's great! Twitter is such a great way to share information and thoughts with friends and family.
Sure, I'd be happy to take a look at them if you want to send them to me.
I think you are right.  I think we are going to see a lot more of this in the future.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is a former First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State.
That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of music do you like to listen to while you drive?
That is a good idea.  I will do that.  Thank you for the reminder.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to get in trouble with the law.
Do you like to play games? I love to play Zesty, it's a great game.
Jake Taylor is one of the best hitters in the National League. He should be hitting second.
I think you should go for it.  It's a great laptop.  What do you want to know about it?
I know what you mean. I reread a lot of my favorite books when I was younger.
Thank you! I am so proud of him. He has been working so hard for so long.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is an American actor, wrestler, and producer.
I know what you mean. I hate it when that happens. Do you have to get up early tomorrow?
Retail is always a bloodbath.  I hope you have a plan for that.
I've never been to Pittsburg, but I hear it's a great city.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm sorry you feel that way. 
East Germany was a soviet satellite state that was occupied by the Nazis.
Do you have a link to the video? I would love to see it. I bet it was interesting.
I would love to, but I don't think I'll be able to make it this time.
I don't have a favorite, but I do know that New York City is the most populous metropolitan area in the United States.
That's what I was thinking, but I wasn't sure if they would change it up or not.
Fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism, have you heard of it?
Shabazz Muhammad is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks.
Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good day at work.
Why don't you agree? What do you think would be a better way to go about it?
I try to be the best friend I can be to all of my friends. I don't know what I would do without them.
Avocados are one of my favorite fruits. I love them in guacamole.
I would love to go to Jamaica one day. I hear it's a great place to visit.
Eric Church is one of my favorite singer/songwriters. He's been around for a long time.
Cambridge Analytica is the name of the company that did the data mining, right?
Of course he was, what else would you expect from a guy named "A4"?  
That would be a great finals matchup. I think the Cavs have a good chance.
Spicer is a lying sack of shit.  I don't believe a word that comes out of his mouth.
I wish I could, but I don't have a car and my parents are too busy to drive me.
That sounds like a lot of work. I think I'll just go to the bank and do it that way.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to move on and find someone better.
Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. How did you do on the rest of the exam?
I agree. It would be nice to be able to go to the doctor without worrying about the cost.
I'm not speaking for you. I'm speaking for the people who did vote for him. 
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I do know that RSS feeds have been around since the 1980s.
Teachers should not be allowed to do that. It is a violation of their first amendment rights.
Jerry West is one of the greatest basketball minds of all time. It's a shame he passed away.
Do you have any important questions you want to ask me? I'm here to answer them. 
I have, but I still want to see it again. It's one of my favorites.
I understand that, but I feel like they don't do a very good job of it sometimes.
No, I have not paid for it yet. I am trying to figure out if it is a scam or not.
Sydney is a great place to visit. It's the most populous city in Australia.
I'm not a fan of Trump either, but I don't think he's as bad as the media makes him out to be.
That's a lot of books! What genres do you like? I can give you some recs.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I love Moscow Mules! I hope you have a great time!
I don't know, it's just a feeling I get when I look at the flags.
That's what I was thinking, but I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything.
What do you do for a living?  I'm an accountant.  How about you?
That's a great idea! I think I'll do that. Thank you so much for the suggestion!
He's a great blocker, but he's also a great receiver out of the backfield.
That's a good way to put it. She's always trying to be the center of attention.
Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you were able to find them eventually.
I don't know what you mean, but I'm sure it will be a good movie. 
I would love to see Mike back on the show.  He was one of my favorites.
I know what you mean. It's hard to find time to play when you have a family.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I'd love to see you on the Roosterteeth channel!
You should! It's a lot of fun and it's a great way to meet new people.
I don't know about you, but I've been hating on them for a long time now.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a way to resolve the situation.
