What do you think would be the best way to go about it? I don't want to come off as desperate.
What do you mean get you out? You don't want to go to the beach with me?
I'm trying to figure out what to do with my life. I don't know what I want to do.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I sure didn't.  It was a good time.  I had a lot of fun.
No, I didn't flirt with him at all. I was just trying to be polite.
Thanks for the reassurance. I guess I just need to get over it and move on.
You are very welcome.  I hope you have a great day.  Do you have any plans?
That's nice of you to do that for him.  What did you guys have for dinner?
I thought about it, but I didn't want him to think I was flirting with him.
That's a good way to look at it. It's not about the gold, it's about sending a message.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find a way to get out of that seat.
I think he's trying to say that he doesn't know what he wants to be when he grows up.
What would you like to do? I'm always looking for new ideas. I love to go out.
I don't mind at all.  I'm glad he saw you.  What did he say?
I love going to the gym and lifting weights.  Do you work out at all?
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies to keep you occupied?
I can try, but I'm not sure I'll be able to do it. I don't have a lot of experience with local numbers.
I don't know, I just feel like I'm not living up to my full potential. 
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to get too close to find out.
I know, right?  I was so shocked.  I didn't know what to do.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it one day.
I'm not sure. I think he did, but I don't want to get my hopes up.
I don't know who it is, but they are trying to get me to do something I do not want to do.
Yes, I could have, but I didn't want to interrupt him.  I just wanted him to know that I heard him.
I know, I felt so bad about it afterwards, but it was so exciting at the time.
Thank you so much! I can't wait to show them all the beautiful beaches and food!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it work for you.
I don't want to give you the name, but I will tell you that it is a very common name.
I do, but I don't know what to do.  I feel so bad for him.
I do not.  It was so long ago.  I wish I could go back in time.
No, it's been around for a long time.  I first heard it in the 1980s.
Russel is a great dog name. It means "lion" in Latin.
Yes, I do. You were the one with the long blonde hair and glasses, right?
I don't know about that, but thank you for the compliment. I appreciate it.
I think he's trying to say that he doesn't know what he wants to be when he grows up.
I am too. I thought I was going to have to do it all over again. I am so relieved.
I wish I could, but I just started a new job and don't have any vacation time yet.
No I haven't changed my mind. I'm looking forward to it. I'll see you then.
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm not good enough.
Oh, I didn't know that. I thought they were ours. Thanks for letting me know.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why was it disgusting? Did you have to clean it up?
Do you have any tips on how to do it? I can't seem to get it right.
Ok, thanks for letting me know.  I was worried for a second.  Do you know how long it usually takes?
I don't know what to do. I feel like I'm going to explode. I can't take it anymore.
I love him so much. He is the love of my life and I am so lucky to have him.
Yes, he was a doctor from Greece.  He was a very nice man.
Yes, but they are not as good as the one I used to work for.  They have been around for a long time.
I love singing!  What kind of music are they singing?  Are they good?
Wow, that's a long time. Do you have any hobbies to keep you occupied?
To get a promotion at work.  I've been there a long time and I think I deserve it.
I know, right? It's like they don't even care if we believe them or not.
Do you have any tips on how to do it? I don't want to mess it up.
Woody Harrelson is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter.
That's a shame. I would love to find something like that in my house. I love maps.
Do you have any advice on how to deal with the guilt? I feel so bad about it.
Thank you! It was a lot of fun and we had a great time with our friends and family.
The Big Bad is a fictional villain that is the main antagonist of a story.
How did it go? Did you have a good time? I would love to hear about it.
Do you know when the next spring is? I can't wait to see the leaves change colors!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he comes home soon. Do you know when he will be back?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it all works out for you in the end. 
No, I haven't. I don't think I've ever met anyone who believes in them.
I am sorry to hear that.  I am sure you are not an idiot.  What makes you say that?
I don't know why you are being so rude. I was just asking a simple question. 
brian is one of my best friends. He's a great guy. Do you know brian?
That would be great, thank you so much. I can't wait to hear what she has to say.
Do you think it's a good idea? I'm not sure if I should go through with it.
Evil is a strong word, but it's definitely not a good place to be.  
I got a promotion at work and a raise at the same time. I was so happy.
Oh really? I didn't know that. Do you think they will be kept secret in the future?
That's what I was thinking.  I don't know what I would have done in that situation.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope she's okay.  Did you call the police?
I sure hope so. I've been trying to get a job for a long time now. 
What do you mean by a 'swing thought'? I'm not familiar with that term.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Why didn't you want to go out with him?
I'm just a guy who likes to play video games. I'm not famous or anything like that.
I don't believe in heaven, but I do believe in reincarnation. Do you believe in that?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about why he thinks it's inappropriate?
I think it's because it's the tallest building in Manhattan, but I'm not sure.
I don't know if I'm wrong or not.  I'm not sure what to do.
Do you have any plans for the rest of the day? I'm thinking about going to the movies.
I didn't think you were, I just didn't want you to think I thought you were.
I do too. I don't know what to do. I feel like I can't trust him anymore.
Of course it's none of my business, but I still feel bad about it. I don't know what to do.
I am not sure what you are trying to say.  Are you saying that time is relative?
I am not asking if you are involved. I am asking if anyone knows anything about it. 
Continued uterine contractions can be a sign of preterm labor. You need to go to the hospital.
Psychopaths are born, not made. They are born with a lack of empathy.
I know it does, but I don't know if I can do it. I'm so scared.
What kind of boat do you sail on? I've always wanted to learn how to sail.
What do you mean by "mook"? I've never heard that term before. Is it a derogatory term?
Haciendas are cool, but I'd rather live in an apartment or townhouse.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that. I was just trying to be nice.
What do you mean, "ah, no"?  Are you saying you don't believe me?
Do you have a high IQ?  I do.  I scored in the 99th percentile.
I thought so too, but I didn't want to make a move on him in case he wasn't interested.
Public relations is the practice of communicating with the public, isn't it? 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good time with them at least. 
I think I'm going to go. It's been a long time since I've been out.
Have you ever been to the beach? It's a great place to relax and enjoy the water.
Have you ever been to a theme park? It's a place where people go to have fun.
What was that interesting part?  Did you have a good day?  What did you do?
No, I'm not. I'm just saying that if you were, you'd be doing a good job.
I do say so.  I'm not sure what you mean by that.  Are you saying you don't believe me?
That's all you can do.  I'm sure you'll do fine.  Good luck!
That's what I was thinking, but I wasn't sure if it was a good idea or not.
It's a cat. I've had him since he was a kitten. I love him so much.
Do you have any advice on how to deal with the guilt? I feel so bad about it.
I don't think she was trying to bite me. She was just trying to get my attention.
Neither have I, and I hope it stays that way. I don't want to be a statistic.
I am doing well.  I have a lot of support from friends and family.  How are you?
FBI is a federal law enforcement agency in the United States. They have jurisdiction all over the world.
Do you have any tips on how to do it? I can't seem to get it right.
It means I have a lot of work to do, but I'm too lazy to do it.
I don't know why I said it either. I feel so ashamed of myself right now.
No, I don't think so. I think he's just looking at me because he likes me.
I will be visiting them in alphabetical order.  I think it will be easier that way.
I do have some ideas, but I'm not sure if they're good enough.  I think I'm going to give it a shot.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever had insomnia or a sleep disorder?
Do you have a crush on one of them or are you just trying to get to know them?
That's what I was thinking, but I don't want to be too cynical about it.
I don't know if you remember me, but I've been around for a long time. 
It was me.  I'm sorry.  It was an accident.  Can you forgive me?
I wish I could, but I don't have a car and I live in an apartment complex.
I'm not your son, I'm your father. I'm so proud of you, son.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What did you mean?  I hope you are doing better now.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's wrong with Landon? He's my favorite character.
Do you live in a place that gets a lot of hurricanes or tornadoes?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
That's so sweet of her to say. What kind of books do you sell, if you don't mind me asking?
Do you have any tips on how to do it? I can't seem to get it right.
I don't know why I did it. I feel so ashamed of myself. I can't believe I did that.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't know if there was something more to it.
I don't know where it is. I've been looking for it for a long time now.
I didn't invite you, but I hope you have a good time.  I'll see you there.
I don't think he has a love life. I think he just likes to shank balls.
Have you ever been to the Philippines? It's a great place to visit. 
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm not good enough.
Four is my favorite number. It is divisible by 2, 3, and 5.
I know, right?  It's so cute!  I wish I could have one too!
The baby is at home with my husband and I.  I am so happy to be able to spend time with him.
I don't know. I think I'm going to take a break from the internet for a while.
That's a good trait to have.  I try to do the same.  What do you like to do for fun?
I think it's some kind of bug, but I don't want to get too close to it.
Yes, I was so surprised.  I thought I was going to have to buy a new one.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't know how they got in. It was locked.
That's a good idea. I think I'll do that. Thank you for the advice. I appreciate it.
I sure hope so.  I've been practicing a lot and I think I'm ready.
I don't know, but I want some of whatever he's on. It must be good.
Do you like chairs? I love chairs, they're my favorite furniture.
I know, right? I don't know why I did it. I guess I was just really horny.
Thank you! It's been a long time coming, but I'm so glad it's finally happening.
I have a lot of grey hair and I'm only in my early twenties. 
I am going to the beach for the first time in a long time. I am so excited!
What do you mean you do not? You do not have a girlfriend or you don't have a boyfriend?
That's great! What do you like to do in your spare time to get better at it?
I think he's trying to say that he doesn't know what he wants to be when he grows up.
I know, right?  I was so mad.  I don't understand how people can be so inconsiderate.
No, I don't think you have. But thank you. I am proud of me too.
It was supposed to be delivered yesterday, but it didn't make it to my house.
I don't know what to do with myself. I feel like I've wasted my life away.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Why do you feel that way?  Do you have a good relationship with them?
I don't have a wife, but if I did, I wouldn't give it to you.
I wish I had a time out when I was a kid. It would have saved me a lot of trouble.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog and a cat. I love them so much.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find something that works for you.
I hate when people are on their phones when I'm trying to talk to them. It's so rude.
Thank you, I appreciate that. I hope you have a good rest of your night as well.
Popularity does have a price, but I don't think this is one of those cases.
I have one, but I don't know how to use it. I'm not a big guy.
I don't care if you believe me or not. I just wanted to share my story. 
I'm sorry to hear that.  Why did you decide not to?  Did you have a good reason?
I don't know what I would do if I didn't have my dog. He's my best friend.
I do, but I don't think I'll be able to get one for a few weeks.
That's good to hear. I hope everything works out for you and your family in the future.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope things get better for you.  Do you have any hobbies?
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you find your dog soon. What kind of dog do you have?
I don't know. I think they just don't like me. I'm not sure why.
I don't know. I just feel like I'm not living up to my full potential. 
Yes, I was.  It was a long time ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a good relationship with your father? I have a great relationship with mine.
What kind of help are you looking for? I can try to help you if I know what you need.
I don't want to give away too many personal details, but it's someone I've known for a long time.
My favorite fast food restaurant is General McAddie's. Have you ever been there?
Do you remember your age when you were 16?  I sure do!  I was 16 years old!
What do you mean by well? Do you mean well as in well-behaved or well-adjusted?
Do you think it would be a good idea for me to go back to school and get a degree?
I like it too, but I don't know if I'll be able to do it again.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't want to get my hopes up too much.
That sounds like a good idea, but I don't know if I'd be able to do that.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you can find a way to make it work.
Yes, I have been very busy.  I have a lot of work to do.  How are you?
What kind of dog is it? Is it a small one or a big one?   
I don't think so, but I'm not sure. I've never had this happen before.
I would love to go back to the old days when women had no rights and men had all the power.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think they don't want you to eat with them?
I am so glad to hear that.  How long have you been together?  How old are you?
Do you have any jewelry? I have a necklace and a bracelet.
