What do you mean, "Oh, look!"?  Are you implying that I am a liar?
I don't know what I would do without him. He's my best friend and I love him so much.
I think so too, but I don't know what to do about it. I feel so guilty.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have to go to the hospital to get it treated?
I'm sorry to hear that. What is it that you don't like so much about them?
I don't think he's coming back. He's been gone for a couple of days now.
Counting the butter is a way to keep track of how much butter you have in your fridge.
I don't know if I can make it tonight, but I'm going to try my best.
I am glad to hear that. What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you have any hobbies?
Aww, that's so sweet of you to say. I hope you have a great day!
Yes I did, but I was so mad at myself for letting it happen in the first place.
Yes, I am. I don't know what to do. I feel like I am going to have a heart attack.
I don't think so.  I think he was just trying to be nice.  It was a nice gesture.
I'm glad you like them.  They're my favorite.  I've had them for years.
I didn't break into his house, I just went into his closet and stole some of his clothes.
I hope so.  What was the message?  I'm sure it will be okay. 
What do you mean by that? Are you saying that it shouldn't be that way or that it is that way?
I am glad to hear that.  What is going on?  Are you having a hard time?
I think so too. I don't know why they didn't do it that way in the first place.
I know, but it still makes me feel bad. I don't know what to do about it.
I do! I love meeting new people and getting to know them. It's a lot of fun.
No, I didn't hear that. Did he say why they were bothering you in the first place?
Thank you, I appreciate that. It's been a long time since I've felt that way.
I thought it was a good idea at the time. I was young and naive. I learned my lesson though.
Oh really? Where are you going? I hope you have a lot of fun! I love vacations!
Thank you so much! I am so grateful for all of the support I have received.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing better now. What happened?
I know, but it's so hard to get up in the morning. I just want to go back to sleep.
I want to go home too. I have to go to work soon. I hate my job.
I hope so. I have a lot of work to do, but I think I can do it.
The federal building is located in Washington, D.C. and is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense.
I got a new car! It's a Toyota Corolla. I love it!
I don't think I could be with a man who has been with more women than I have.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing better now. What happened to you?
I sure hope so.  I've been practicing a lot and I think I'm ready.
Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you were able to get some sleep.
It was on the outside of my thigh.  It was so painful.  I had to go to the ER.
That's a good idea, I'll have to look into that. Thank you for the suggestion!
It's a game where you try to guess what the other person is going to say before they say it.
I don't think so. I think he was just trying to make me feel better about myself.
That sounds like a lot of fun. What kind of movies do you like? I like action and adventure.
I am, but I feel like I am missing out on a lot of social interaction. 
No, I didn't hear what you said.  What did you say?  Are you okay?
I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you ever find out what happened to your kidnapper?
He is 5 years old.  I am so proud of him.  He is such a good kid.
Have you ever moved the bodies of a loved one? I have not, but I think it would be hard.
I know, but I still feel bad about it. It was a long time ago, though.
Did you swallow it or spit it out? I would have spat it out. 
I did not.  I was so shocked when I found out.  It was like finding out Santa isn't real.
Why do you think it's vile? Is it because you don't like the taste or because it's unhealthy?
What do you mean waiting on the dock? I don't know what you are talking about.
That's what I thought at first, but then I realized it was a bear. It was a black bear.
That's a good way to look at it. I'll try to keep that in mind next time.
I don't know yet, but I'm sure it will be more than I can afford. 
I don't think it's a sick question. I just want to make sure I'm doing the right thing.
I'm not sure where they are, but I do know that they have a lot of money.
Mook is a derogatory term for a low-level criminal, usually used in the U.S.
What do you mean by that? Are you talking about the distance from the earth to the sun?
Yes, it is.  I am so happy for her.  She deserves it so much.
I try to be, but I'm not sure if I'm doing a good enough job. 
I don't know what you are talking about. Are you going to go to the beach?
I hope so too. I miss him so much. It's been so long since I've seen him.
I don't think so.  I was just trying to help her out.  It's not like I was trying to take advantage of her.
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think that will be the case, if you don't mind me asking?
That's good to hear.  What makes you happy?  Is it the fact that he's happy?
I sure hope so.  It was a lot of fun.  I'm looking forward to the next one.
Oh really? What kind of assistant are you hiring? I'm looking for a job.
That's exactly what I was thinking. I'm glad I was able to catch it before it escaped.
That's what I'm thinking. I just don't know if I'm ready for that kind of commitment.
I don't know what I'm talking about either. I think I'm having a stroke.
The number is 1-800-273-8255. It's the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
That's amazing! I'm so glad she was able to help him. What kind of horse was it?
What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking? I work in IT.
My father passed away when I was young.  He was a great man.  I miss him.
Do you like to shop at a chain store? It is a store that is owned and operated by more than one company.
I just want to make sure they are healthy and happy. I don't want them to be lonely.
No, I have not given up. I am just trying to figure out what to do next.
Why do you say that? I'm just trying to find a way to make my life better.
I know, right? It's like they have a sixth sense for when we need them the most.
I am sorry to hear that.  What is going on?  I hope it gets better for you.
I don't think they would do that, but if they did, I would find another job.
That's a good idea, but I don't think I'll be able to get a visa.
That sounds like a lot of fun.  I wish I could do that.  Do you do it often?
I'm so sorry you had to go through that.  I hope you are doing better now.
I don't know about you, but I've done a lot of bad things in my life.
I don't have a pier to walk off of. I live in the suburbs.
Fordnee Lane is the name of a street in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything you can do to get there sooner?
I don't want to be rude, but I feel like I should be able to do it myself.
I don't know. I think I'm going to stay home and play video games all day.
I don't live with my parents, but I know a lot of people who do. It's not uncommon at all.
I don't know what I used to be like, but I'm glad I'm not like that anymore.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think you'll be able to finish it in time?
Do you know where it is?  I can't find it.  I'm so frustrated.
I will not. I will stay home and play video games all night. I love video games.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think it's because they don't want to be judged?
I don't think it was that great of a performance. It was good, but not great.
I don't know, but I am not happy about it.  I am going to talk to her about it tonight.
That's a good question. I'm not sure what I'll do. I'll have to think about that.
I do not, but I would like to learn.  Do you have any suggestions on where to start?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you find him soon.  Do you know where he is?
I don't know where you are, but I'm sure you can figure out how to leave.
I don't know what to do.  I feel like I am going to lose her. 
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you and your family. 
That's good to hear. How long did it take for you to get back on your feet?
I'm not threatening you, I'm warning you.  I don't want you to get hurt.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about yourself now. I'm sure you're not ugly.
I don't have a suit, but I do have a reason. I just don't know what it is.
It is in my backyard.  I am going to have to get rid of it.
What about them?  I'm not sure what you're getting at.  Are you saying that women shouldn't be allowed to vote?
I know there is a way, I just don't know how to do it. I've been trying for years.
That sounds like a good idea, but I don't think I'd be able to do that.
I would love to! What kind of toast would you like? I can make it for you.
I don't know, but I think I'm going to get out of here before he sees me.
Yeah, I guess so. I don't understand why he can't just be honest with me.
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to play video games and watch movies.
Why does it make you nervous? Is it because you don't know what to do in a situation like that?
Thor is the god of hammers, right?  I think I could take him.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have better dreams in the future. 
Yes, he needs CPR.  He had a heart attack.  It was very scary.
Have you ever been to France? It's a great place to visit, especially if you like wine.
I'm sorry, I just can't help it. It's like a compulsion or something.
I thought I did too, but it turns out she was just using me to get to her boyfriend.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is going on in your head that is bothering you?
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a way to help her.
I don't think I've ever had an acid bath. I'm not sure what that is.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to tell them one day.
I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope you are okay.  Are you okay?
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she's doing better now. What happened?
That sounds like a lot of fun. What kind of music do you listen to when you go downtown?
That sounds like a lot of fun! I hope you have a great time! What are you going to do?
I think so too, but I don't want to get my hopes up and then be disappointed.
Oh really? I didn't know that. Do you think they will be kept secret in the future?
Yes, I would love it if you came. It would be nice to have someone to talk to.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get to spend more time with her.
I don't think so. I think he's going to do it when he gets home from work.
Why did you order it? Was it for a special occasion or just because you wanted it?
I'm sure you have been, you just don't realize it.  What do you do for a living?
I went to the grocery store and bought a bunch of stuff I needed for my new apartment.
What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking? And why should I care?
He said he loved me and wanted to spend the rest of his life with me. It was so sweet.
I don't know if you remember me, but I've been around for a long time. 
I try to be a good friend, but I'm not sure if I'm doing a good job.
Good for you! What are you going to do to celebrate? I'm thinking about going to the beach.
I am not sure what you are talking about. Are you talking about continued uterus?
The chairs are still there, but I don't think I'll be able to sit in them.
Aww, that's sweet. How old are you, if you don't mind me asking?
I'm sorry to hear that.  What happened?  Did you lose your job or something?
Do you have any advice for me? I don't know what to do. I feel so alone.
I am trying to find a new job. I have been at the same place for too long.
I don't think so. I think I meant to say it, but it just came out wrong.
I think so too, but I don't want to come off as clingy or desperate.
WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF MY SHOUTING!
No, I'm not. I just know he's cute. He's a good friend of mine.
Do you think I should confront him about it? I don't know if I should or not.
Wow, that's a short school year. Do you go to a private school or a charter school?
That's good to hear. I hope everything works out for you and your family in the end.
That would be great, thank you so much! I'll be sure to let you know how it goes.
What kind of cars are you looking for? I might be able to point you in the right direction.
Oh really? I didn't know that. I thought it was just a random dog. That makes it so much worse.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find something that makes you happy and fulfilled.
Oh no! I hope it wasn't too bad. Did you have to go to the hospital?
What do you mean by that? Do you think it's a good idea or a bad idea?
I guess I was hoping for a little more than what I got, but it was still a good time.
I know, but it was the only way I knew how to do it at the time. 
I don't know about that. I'm not sure I could live with myself if I did.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is going on that is making you feel like you need one?
Aww, I'm so happy for you!  How long have you been together?  
That's awesome!  What kind of putt was it?  Was it a birdie putt?
Human sacrifice is the practice of sacrificing human beings for religious or spiritual purposes.
Oh no! I hate when that happens. I hope you can figure out what it's about.
That's a good way to look at it. I try to do the same for my kids.
That's a good way to look at it. I guess it's in my own best interest.
I'm sorry to hear that. What was it that she said that made you feel that way?
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time?
I know it's nothing, but it still makes me feel bad. I don't know why.
That's a lot of knots! I don't think I could tie that many in a row.
I don't know either, but I think I'm going to do it.  I think it will be fun.
I do. It was a good time, wasn't it? Did you have a lot of fun?
Why do you say that? I think it's a great song. I love the lyrics.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a way to get through it.
Thank you for the encouragement. I know I can do it if I put my mind to it.
I don't know how much it is worth, but I know it's worth a lot to me.
My aunt is doing well, thank you for asking. She's been through a lot lately.
I don't want to get into specifics, but it involves a lot of money.
It is.  I am so lucky to have her in my life.  She is my best friend.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure.  I think I'm just being paranoid.
I don't think I've forgotten it, but it's been a long time since I've seen it.
That's what I'm thinking. I don't know if I should confront her about it.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you. I'm here if you need to talk.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure. I didn't want to get close enough to find out.
No, it's something I want you to do on your own. I just want to help you.
Oh really? What kind of play was it? Was it a musical or a comedy?
I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope you are doing okay.  Are you okay?
What kind of job are you looking for? Do you have any experience in the field?  
No, I am not a nurse, but I have been in the hospital a few times.
I don't know, did you?  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
He just turned 3.  I'm so proud of him.  He's a great kid.
I don't know why we are here, but I do know that I am ready to die.
I don't believe in hell, but if I did, I wouldn't want to go there.
