I hope it doesn't. I love the rain. It's so relaxing and soothing.
I want to be buried, but I don't know if my family will be able to afford it.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it up to her.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find something soon. What are you looking for?
That's great! I'm sure you'll be able to get a good deal on the place.
Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it. I think it's going to be really good.
That's what I thought at first, but it doesn't smell like blood and it's not red.
I have a labrador retriever. I love him so much. He's my best friend.
That's true, but it's also true that the drinking age in the US varies from state to state.
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm wasting my time.
That would be great! I've been trying to learn for a while, but I just can't get the hang of it.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried unplugging and plugging it back in?
I'm from the United States, but I was born and raised in the Philippines.
I wish I could, but I have to get up in the morning to go to work. 
Thank you.  It was a long time ago, but it still stings a little bit.
Good luck! I'm sure you'll do great. What kind of job is it for? 
I would like to go to the beach, but I don't know how to get there.
Not yet, but I'm going to wear it to work tomorrow.  I can't wait!
I just need someone to talk to. I don't know what to do. I feel so alone.
I'm not sure, but I'm glad we haven't. I don't think I could handle it.
What do you like to look at when you look outside?  The sky, the trees, the grass?
I know, but it was the only thing I had in the fridge at the time. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it more comfortable for you.
What do you need help with? I'm always willing to lend a hand if I can.
Oh no! Did you have to go to the hospital to get stitches or anything like that?
A few years ago. It was a very amicable divorce, so it wasn't too bad.
I have never smoked a cigarette in my life, but I love the smell of them.
I love it when it rains. I love the sound of the rain hitting the roof.
It was a pleasure. I hope you had a good weekend. Did you do anything fun?
Me too! I love how they incorporate so many different genres into their music.
Oh no! I hope it clears up soon. Is there anything you can do to help?
It is a white powdery substance that falls from the sky and covers the ground.
That's a long time to be without a car. Have you thought about getting a new one?
I know it is, but I don't know what to do about it. I feel so ashamed.
The one that takes you to your destination the fastest.  You don't want to be stuck in traffic.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies that you can do for free?
I did, but I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. I think it was just my imagination.
I listen to a lot of hip hop. I love the beats and the lyrics. What about you?
I don't know, but I'm hungry too. I think I'm going to get some pizza.
I don't know what to do. I'm so scared. I feel like I'm going to die.
Speech is such an important skill to have. I'm glad I took it in high school.
I don't know. I'm not sure what to do. I feel like I'm going crazy.
Wow, that's a good deal.  What kind of ticket was it?  Speeding?
Oh, that's good to hear. I hope he's doing better now. Do you know what the problem was?
I got a ticket for parking in a handicap spot when I wasn't handicapped.
I know what you mean. It reminds me of the smell of my grandparents house when I was a kid.
I only applied to one, but it was a reach for me. I didn't expect to get in.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you been applying to a lot of places? What kind of job are you looking for?
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think that? Is there anything I can do to help?
I've been here for a little over a year now.  I love it here.  It's a great place to raise a family.
No, I didn't hear anything about it. I just saw the wreckage on the side of the road.
I don't know, maybe I'm just not very good at it. I'm not very smart.
Swimming is one of my favorite things to do. Why do you think it's embarrassing?
No, I am not. I am going to be out of town for the next few days.
That makes sense. Do you have a favorite team? I'm a Celtics fan myself.
I go to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. What about you?
I got a ticket for parking in a handicap spot when I wasn't handicapped.
Oh, well that's good. I hope you enjoy it. What kind of game is it?
Thank you for the reassurance.  I feel like I can do anything I set my mind to.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have to wait a long time for the next bus?
Oh no! I hope you feel better soon. Is it a viral or bacterial infection?
I know, but I don't want to come off as too needy or clingy.
That's awesome! What artists are they? I love listening to music on my way to work.
Speech is such an important skill to have. I'm glad I took it in high school.
I won it in a raffle at work.  I was so excited to get it.
I don't know.  I guess I'll just have to wait and see what happens.  
I know. I just wish I could have done more for him. He was such a good dog.
I just don't like being out in the sun. It makes me feel like I'm going to get a sunburn.
I'm not sure, but I hope so. It's been a long time since it's been cleaned.
I hope so too, but I don't know if they will. I hope they do though.
I don't remember exactly, but it was a lot.  I think it was over $100.
I know!  I was so mad.  I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye.
I know, I know. I am so ashamed of myself. I will never do it again.
What kind of sandwich are you going to make? I love sandwiches, especially grilled cheese.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon. Do you have a fever?
We won't know for sure, but we can hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
What kind of frozen foods are you eating that you are getting tired of? I love frozen dinners!
I have, but it was a long time ago and I don't remember a lot of it.
No, I have the key. I just don't know how to get in the door. 
I do that all the time. I don't know why I do it, but I do.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies that you can do to take your mind off things?
I've been here for a little over a year now.  I love it here.  It's a great place to raise a family.
It can be, but it's worth it in the end. What did you go to school for?
That sounds nice. What kind of sweater is it? Is it cold where you are right now?
I'm sorry to hear that. How did you end up paying attention to what was going on?
Oh no! I hope you don't get pulled over. I hate when people do that. 
I know, I'm not very good at it yet, but I'm working on it. 
I don't know, I guess I just feel like I'm not good enough. I feel like everyone is better than me.
Yes, I did.  It was a good workout.  I was sore the next day.
I think he was just trying to be polite, but it was still kind of awkward. 
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get a new one soon.
Yes, it is. But you'll get used to it. I'm sure you'll do great!
Yes, it was very clean and well maintained. It was a nice place to live. 
You have to go to your local county clerk's office and register to vote. 
That's a good idea.  I'll have to look into that.  Thanks for the suggestion!
Oh, that makes sense. I didn't know if it was some kind of security system or something.
I'm sorry to hear that. How long did it take you to get it done last time?
No, I didn't want to make her feel bad. I just told her I was busy.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
Yeah, I think so too.  I think I'm going to go for it.  Thanks for the advice!
That would be nice, but I don't think they would ever do that.  It would cut into their profits.
You mean public transit? It's a form of transportation used by the public to get around.
I don't see why not. Lemons are a great source of vitamin C.
I think I'd prefer the one on the left, but I'm not sure if it's just because I'm used to it.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't want to get a ticket for something I didn't do.
It's about an hour and a half away. I don't know if I can make it.
That's good to hear.  Do you have a lot of choices?  What kind of food do you like?
I'm not sure, but I'm going to try to call it as soon as I can.
I've heard of it, but I don't know much about it. Do you use it?
It's a game where you try to guess what the other person is going to say before they say it.
I don't think so, but I'm not 100% sure. I think it's free.
I love hot dogs! What kind of toppings do you like? I like ketchup, mustard, and onions.
That's great! I hope it goes well for you. What kind of job did you apply for?
What channel is it on? I don't think I've ever seen it on TV before. 
That's what I'm thinking. I just wish they would let me know so I can plan accordingly.
I like it a lot. It was a hand-me-down from my grandparents.
I can understand that. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do on your own?
That's nice of you. What kind of card did you get him? I'm sure he'll love it.
What kind of board were you thinking of getting?  There are a lot of options out there.
That sounds like a lot of fun. What kind of bike is it? Is it a road bike or a mountain bike?
Why does it put you to sleep? Is it because it is so peaceful and calming?
That's a good idea. I speak Spanish and English, but I don't know any other languages.
I know, but it still makes me feel bad. I don't know what to do about it.
Oh wow, that's a long drive. I hope you have plenty of snacks and entertainment.
I hope you have a great time! What are you going to do on your date with her?
Yeah, I think so too.  I think it will be a lot of fun.  
I don't think so, but I would ask your doctor just to be sure.  They are very helpful.
Yes, it is.  It's nice to have a place to call your own.  
I don't know what that means, but I'm sure it's a good thing.  
Oh no! I hate when that happens. Were you able to find your way out of there?
I didn't know that, but I guess it makes sense. I guess I learned my lesson.
That's a good way to look at it. I'm going to do that from now on.
No, I'm not.  I don't think I need to.  The roof is in good shape.
You can find them in the grass patches on the beach, or in the tall grass in the forest.
Pink is a great color. It's one of my favorites too. What's your favorite color?
Congratulations!  How long have you been together?  Do you have a wedding planner?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find something to eat soon. What do you like to eat?
I'm sorry to hear that.  What's going on?  Is it something that can be fixed?
Do you know what time it is? It's time to get up and get ready for work.
Due tomorrow, do tomorrow.  That's what I always say.  You can do it!
I don't know what to do with my life. I have no idea what I want to do.
That's a good idea, I'll try that next time. It's just annoying that I have to do that.
That's exciting! Did you vote for who you wanted to win or for the lesser of two evils?
Meatloaf is one of my favorite foods, but I don't want to eat it every night.
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm wasting my time.
That must have been a long flight. How long did it take you to get to your destination?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Savings accounts are important to have in case of emergencies.
You're welcome.  I hope everything works out for you.  You deserve to be happy.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get to go back soon. What do you do for work?
I'm going to a concert! I can't wait to see my favorite band, Linkin Park!
I hang them from the ceiling. It's a lot of work, but it's worth it.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to a doctor about it? It could be a medical issue.
No, I'm training hard because I want to be the very best, like no one ever was.
Congratulations!  That's a great feeling, isn't it?  How long did it take?
I'm from the United States, but I was born and raised in the Philippines.
I did when I was a kid, but I don't think I did very well on it.
It still is, but it used to, too.  -Mitch Hedburg 
I did, but it was so long ago that I don't remember what it was about. 
I'm sorry to hear that.  What is the issue?  I'm here to listen.
Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you if you need someone to talk to.
I would add some vegetables, meats, and condiments. Maybe even some cheese.
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. How did you break it, if you don't mind me asking?
I know, right?  It's been a long time coming.  I'm glad it's finally here.
Obama was the first president of the United States of America to be born in Hawaii. 
Wow, that's a long time. What do you do for the company, if you don't mind me asking?
Oh really? I didn't know that. Do you know how much it costs if you don't show it?
I know, it's crazy. I can't wait to get out there and see it all.
Oh wow, how did that go? Did you end up talking to her for a long time?
Why would I lie about something so trivial? I don't care if you believe me or not.
That must have been a relief. Did you have to wait a long time for a parking spot?
What do you mean by that? Do you mean that they live in a world that is different from ours?
What kind of conditions does he have? I'm sorry to hear that, I hope he gets better.
I was on my way to work.  I was going to pick up my kids from school.
I'm the opposite.  I love eating leftover food.  What's your favorite meal?
That's true, but I don't think it was a bird. It was too big to be a bird and it didn't have wings.
I know! I hate doing laundry. I hate folding it and putting it away.
That's a long time to be in school.  Do you have any plans for the rest of the day?
I don't know where you can purchase one, but I do know that you can buy them online.
Endorsement is a formal recognition of a person or thing as good or bad.
Do you live in an earthquake prone area? I live in California so I know what you mean.
Yeah, I think so too.  I think I'm going to go for it.  Thanks for the advice!
A credit or debit card is what you need. You can get one from your bank or a store.
Do you know if it will be streamed on twitch.tv or youtube.com?
I don't know about that. I know a lot of people who don't have a cell phone.
I can teach you if you want.  I love teaching people new things.  Do you want to learn?
Hi Willie, nice to meet you. What do you like to do in your spare time?
He didn't say a specific time, but he did say it was going to be a good one.
Potatoes are a staple food in many parts of the world. How do you like them?
Wow, that's a lot of weight!  How did you do it?  Did you exercise?
Not at all, I'd love to see what you come up with. I'm always looking for new ideas.
I don't think so. I'm not really looking for a relationship right now. Are you?
What kind of science class do you want to take? I'm taking a biology class right now.
Have you ever flown on a private jet? It's a lot different than a commercial airliner.
That sounds like a good idea. What kind of snacks do you like to take to work?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find a way to make it work for you.
That's true, but I don't have a green thumb at all, so it's hard for me to keep them alive.
I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of complaints are they, if you don't mind me asking?
Yes, I understand that. I just wish they would tell me so I could plan accordingly.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize I was in a library. I thought I was on the internet.
Yeah, I think it will be a lot of fun.  I'm really looking forward to it.
