I would love some rain right now.  It has been so hot and humid here lately.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is it that you don't like about the holidays?
Thank you! It was a lot of work, but I'm really happy with how it turned out.
Thank you so much, I really appreciate it.  I'll send you a message with the details.
Hi, I'm joseph and my wife is mary. How are you doing today?
I know, right? It's amazing what they can do with CGI these days. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to talk about it? I'm here for you.
Oh no! What kind of dog do you have? I love dogs, but I don't have one.
I don't know, I guess I just feel like I'm not good enough for them. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you feel so bad about it? Did something happen?
Have you ever played poker? It's a card game where players use cards to play against each other.
Exactly what I said in the title.  I was so happy to see him.  He's been gone for so long.
You're welcome.  I'm glad you didn't have to ask.  What were you going to do?
What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking? I'm an accountant.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What school was it, if you don't mind me asking?
I just need someone to talk to. I don't know what to do. I feel so alone.
What do you want to eat? I'm thinking tacos. I love mexican food.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. It's one of my favorites.
What kind of job are you looking for? I might be able to point you in the right direction.
Do you have any experience with any of them? I'm not sure which one to go with.
I don't know, I guess it's because it's the first time I've ever been there.
I don't understand how people can be so inconsiderate of other people's time and space.
I don't know. I just feel like I'm not good enough for her. I feel like she's better than me.
Do you have any idea how to get rid of it? I'm so grossed out by it.
I was hit by a drunk driver on my way home from work. It was a very scary experience.
Oh, I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing well. I am sure it was for the best.
A pack of cigarettes. I smoked for a long time, but I quit a few months ago.
You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy it.  It is one of my favorites.
Thank you, I appreciate that. It's been a long time since I've done anything like that.
They really are. They have sold over 100 million records worldwide. That's a lot of people.
I know because I was there.  I was the one who had to clean up the mess.
I love it when it is cold outside. I love the feeling of the wind on my face.
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm wasting my time.
I don't know, I just feel like I should be doing something more productive with my time.
Do you know how long it takes to get from the airport to the downtown area? 
I wish I could, but I don't have that kind of money right now. I'm just going to have to deal with it.
Oh no! Did you have to go to the dentist to get it taken care of?
What kind of music do you like to listen to? Do you have a favorite artist or genre?
I don't know yet, but I know it's going to be a lot of food. 
I can tell because of the way that it is. How neat is that? It just is.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm doing well, thank you for asking. What do you need to transfer?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find a way to make it all work out.
I'm talking about the fact that I can't get a job because I don't have a degree.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I do know that he was a professional baseball player.
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to get my hopes up too much.
How long have you had yours? I've had mine for about a year and a half now.
Thank you so much! I am so proud of myself. I have been working so hard for this.
No, it's not Jerry.  I'm not sure what it is, but I don't like it.
That's a good idea. I'll do that too. I hope I can make it in time.
Thank you! I'm looking forward to getting to know my neighbors. I've never lived in an apartment before.
Do you have any experience with them? I'm not sure if I should get one or not.
That's great! What are you going to school for, if you don't mind me asking?
I don't have the money for it right now. I'm trying to save up for a new car.
I'm glad to hear that. I hope you have a great rest of your day.  
I don't know. I just feel like I'm not good enough. I feel like everyone is better than me.
How do you feel about it? Do you think it's a good thing or a bad thing?
That's what I was thinking, but I didn't want to get my hopes up too much.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you find it?  I hope it wasn't too expensive.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm not sure if you can, but you should look into it.
Oh, I see. I'm not familiar with the area. Is it a nice place to visit?
That's what I was thinking.  It's not even noon yet.  I don't know what OP is talking about.
What is it? I'll try my best to answer it. I'm always here to help.
No, I have not used it yet. I was just wondering if I should use it or not.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm doing well, thank you for asking. What do you need to transfer?
Oh no!  Did you have to pay for it?  I hope it wasn't too expensive.
I don't think that's the case, but I guess I can't know for sure. 
Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. I've been so stressed out about it.
I'm glad I'm not the only one. I don't know what to do about it.
That's what I was thinking, but I don't know much about them. I just know they're expensive.
Do you believe in God?  I do.  He is the creator of the universe.
I do, but I don't want to go through the hassle of getting it back.
I'm sorry to hear that. Swimming is a great way to stay in shape. 
I don't want to go to jail. I have a lot of drugs on me and I'm afraid I'll get caught.
That's a good idea. I'll do that when I get home. I hope it's still there!
I'm doing well, thanks for asking. What do you like to do in your spare time?
Oh really? I didn't know that. I'll have to look into that. Do you have any favorites?
I don't have a microwave, and I'm too lazy to go out and buy one.
That's too bad. You should give it a try sometime. It's a lot of fun.
That's great! What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you have any hobbies?
I got a promotion at work.  I was so happy I cried a little bit.
Apples are a great source of vitamin C, which is good for the immune system!
Thank you! I'm looking forward to getting to know my neighbors. I've never lived in an apartment before.
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to play video games and watch movies.
It was for a promotion at work.  I was so nervous.  It went well though.
Oh yeah? What did you have to say about it? I'm not sure what to make of it.
I don't think so. I've been doing this for a long time and I know what I'm doing.
I don't know, I just can't seem to get the hang of it. I always end up making a mess.
That's cool. What kind of restaurant is it? Is it fast food or more upscale?
That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of workouts did you do? I've never been to a health club.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I love snowball fights. What kind of snow did you use?
What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking? Do you have any hobbies?
I did want to, but I didn't know if it would be a good idea or not.
That would be so nice of you, thank you so much! Do you have any suggestions on where to go?
I registered to vote when I turned 18, but I didn't vote in the last election.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure you'll figure it out.  I know you can do it!
That's a good thing.  Smoke alarms are not to be trusted.
I would like it to be a little shorter on the sides and a little longer on the top.
How did it go?  Did you have a good experience?  I'm nervous about it.
I lost it on the way home from work. I was so mad at myself for losing it.
Do you have any advice on how to deal with it? I feel like I'm going to explode.
I know! I was so excited when I saw it in the store, but then I saw the price.
I just want to know what it's like to be a teenager again. I miss those days.
What kind of sandwich are you making? I love a good ham and cheese sandwich.
Cigarettes are so bad for you. I don't know how people can smoke them.
I understand that, but I don't understand why they have to be so loud and obnoxious about it.
I love mcdonalds, it is one of my favorite fast food restaurants. 
I love convertibles, they are so much fun to drive in the rain or snow.
Thank you so much!  I really appreciate it.  I hope you have a great day!
I don't know yet, but I know it's going to be awesome.  I'm so excited!
The freshman fifteen is a term used to describe a person's first year of college.
Do you know if they have any free weights? I'm looking for a place to lift weights.
What do you do for fun? I like to go to the park and play frisbee.
I don't owe you a dollar, but I will give you one if you give me one.
No, it's a movie. It's based on a book by Jodi Picoult.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you soon. What's going on?
That's what I was afraid of. I guess I'll have to find a new spot for it.
That would be great! I've never been on a tour before. Where do I sign up?
I don't know where he lives, and I'm not going to stalk him to find out.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure he'll love whatever I get him.  I just want to make sure it's a good one.
It is!  I love it!  It's so light and nimble.  I can't wait to ride it!
Do you have to pay for it or is it included with your cable or satellite subscription?
I'm not picky, I just want to be able to look up words I don't know.
Yes, it was.  I was so mad at myself for letting it get that bad. 
Do you think I should tell him? I don't want him to think I'm cheating on him.
I do, but I don't know if I want to go out with her. I'm not sure if she likes me or not.
That's a good idea. I think I'll do that. I don't know why I didn't think of that.
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. Thank you for the suggestion.
You're welcome. I hope you had a good time. I'm glad we got to see each other.
I don't know. I just feel like I'm not living up to what I should be doing.
I had to go to the airport to pick up my luggage. I was so mad.
They say a lot of things, but the most memorable thing is that they say "I love you" to each other.
That's nice of you. I don't have a lot of money, so I can't afford to do that.
Roofing tar is a tar that is applied to roofs to prevent leaks.
Do you know why they do that? It seems like it would be a lot of extra work.
I'm not sure, but I know it's not red.  I think it's blue.
I'm worried that I won't be able to find a good job after I graduate from college.
I don't have a fridge, I live in a dorm. I have a mini fridge but it doesn't have any food in it.
It's not too bad, but I was really looking forward to it. I guess I'll just have to find something else to do.
The light is on, but I can't see anything. I think I'm going to die.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find the motivation to get started soon.
Me too. I like being able to do what I want when I want and not have to answer to anyone.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do to alleviate the discomfort?
I didn't do anything, I was too scared to do anything. I just sat there and cried.
Meatloaf is one of my favorite foods.  What's wrong with it?  
I'm not sure what that means, but I'm sure it's good. I hope you get your pizza!
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm not good enough.
It will be from my checking account.  I have a lot of bills to pay this month.
Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. He's such a sweet dog, I can't believe someone would do this to him.
Oh, thank you so much! I was just wondering if there was anything I could help you with.
That sounds like a lot of work. Did you have a good time at the party at least?
Me too! I love looking back at them and seeing how far I've come as a photographer.
I don't know what to do with my life anymore. I feel like I have nothing to live for.
That's great! I'm sure you'll do great. What kind of track do you want to do?
I know, right? I was so shocked when I saw it. I couldn't believe it.
That's great! What are you studying? I'm a student as well, but I'm still in high school.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies that make you feel better about yourself?
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to play video games and watch movies.
Neither did I. I just found out there is an election on November 8, 2016.
No, I just don't know what to do with myself. I don't feel like I'm living up to my potential.
Yeah, but it's not the same as it used to be. I miss the old days.
Yeah, it's not the best. But it was free, so I can't complain too much.
I fell off a ladder and broke it. It was a long time ago, but it still hurts.
I don't have it on me right now, but I'll try to get it to you as soon as I can.
I don't know, I just feel like I'm not living up to my full potential. 
I don't know what to do with my life. I feel like I'm not good enough.
I don't need it, but it would be nice to have.  I just want to know what it's like.
I don't know, I guess I just feel like I'm not good enough for her. 
We met through a mutual friend at a party. We hit it off immediately and have been together ever since.
Do you think I should tell him? I don't want to hurt his feelings, but I think he deserves to know.
I didn't do anything, I was too scared to do anything. I just sat there and cried.
Artist is a broad term that encompasses a lot of different fields of work.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did he say why he didn't accept your first offer? 
Did you pick your nose? I do it all the time. It feels so good to get it out.
I know. I am so ashamed of myself. I feel like I am going to throw up.
I would love to be a cat, but I'm allergic to them.  Do you have any pets?
I know I should, but I just can't bring myself to do it. I don't know why.
I have to get up early to go to work, and I don't want to be tired.
I just want to know if it's a good idea to go. I've never been before.
No, I didn't want to get in trouble for accepting a bribe. It was a small amount of money.
I don't know. I just feel like I'm not good enough. I feel like everyone is better than me.
Do you have any advice on how to deal with it? I feel like I'm going to explode.
I do, but I don't want to use it. I want to save it for a rainy day.
Not tonight, but there is a game tomorrow night.  I am going to try to go to that one.
I know, but I feel like I have so much ahead of me. I don't want to waste it.
I don't know what to do with my life. I have no idea what I want to do.
That would be great, thank you so much! My name is Lauren, what is yours?
I am so happy for you!  I hope you have a great time!  What are you going to do?
I've been eating a lot of chicken and rice. I'm trying to eat healthier.
I have gained a lot of weight. I have been eating a lot more than I used to.
Wow, that's a lot of water! Did you have to go to the bathroom a lot?
You're welcome. I hope everything works out for you. I know how hard it can be.
I don't know what I want to do yet. I'm still in high school so I have a lot of time to decide.
That's okay, I can wait. I'm sure it will be a lot of fun. 
I know I should, but I just don't have the appetite I used to have.
Yes, it is.  I can't wait for it to cool off.  Do you like hot weather?
Yes it is, but it is so rewarding to see the fruits of your labor.
It's not a big deal, I just don't like it when people don't follow the rules.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried talking to them about it? Maybe they don't know how you feel.
That would be so nice of you. I would really appreciate it. I don't know what I would do without it.
I don't think I've ever seen a shopping cart with a handle. Do you mean a trolley?
